How many groups have Three members of these subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for Three members of these two groups's discovery?
Who did the observations lead to views of the Hubble Deep Field and Deep Field?
When was the supernova previously seen as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
Where does Each have multi-wavelength data from and other facilities?
Did This ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
Where did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between's magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
How many astronauts were the for the mission trained to use about a hundred specialized tools?
Where did the FOC and FOS be capable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on?
Who used the best calibration files available?
Is the process by which data calibrated automatically?
Where can optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
Which location did plans call for to be serviced in february 2005?
How many panels did NASA and STScI convene to discuss key projects?
How many charge did the instrument contain?
When did Edwin Hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century who discovered that the universe is expanding?
Who have some results required new theories to explain?
Which location did the researchers use to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
When did an official panel recommend that the HST should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
When did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced This's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
How many ground does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with?
This ensured that the mirror whose final shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
Which time did sm1 fly aboard endeavour?
When did This reduce This's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to?
Which time did sm1 fly aboard involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
Which time did an official panel recommend that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
How many arcseconds have Measurements accurate to within been achieved?
Which location is public image processing encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
When did COSTAR return to Earth?
Which location can optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
Which location do flight controllers make up's flight operations team?
Where did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between Jupiter's magnetic field and that?
Which location has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years to reach?
How many MHz did Primary computers on the HST be the?
How many of does the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System then downlink the science data to twoFrom there?
Where did SM1 fly aboard in December 1993?
How many ° does the limb of the Earth be always within about of regions within the CVZ?
Which location did numerous astronomers feel that was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
How many of did COSTAR occupy the five instrument bays?
Which time did the ground software needed in fact be barely ready?
When has STScI developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data?
When was the Wide Field Channel returned to service?
Who did allow a deep view into space and time?
Which time did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror begin?
When was the supernova previously seen J1149.5 + 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
When did Congress eventually approve funding?
How many scientific instruments did the HST carry?
Which location did costar return to in 2009?
How many rather does complex task fall to STScI.
Which time did this ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification?
When did This ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification?
Where was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's optical performance?
Who are Observations made on Director's released to the public immediately?
Where has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years to reach?
How many mirrors does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of in the light path with one ground?
Where did Plans call for to be serviced in February 2005?
How many projects does the telescope remain so as of Fuck?
Where did the programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Which time did this reduce this's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to?
When has STScI developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data who are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Did Which use same mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
How many such projects did the panels identify?
How many measurements could the instrument take up to per second with better?
Where do these insights result from return of assemblies to?
Where do Flight controllers make up's Flight Operations Team?
Which time were hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion after launch?
Which time did this reduce this's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
When can Astronomers apply to use DD time?
Which time was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
Where does the Heritage team emphasize the aesthetic nature?
Which location were observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
Where did COSTAR return to in 2009?
Which location does the heritage team emphasize the aesthetic nature?
How many charge did the instrument contain-coupled device chips divided between two cameras?
Who did require observation of exceptionally faint objects?
Which location does the limb be always within about 30 ° of regions within the cvz?
When was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
Who can HST stabilize in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
When did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror begin?
When did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour?
Which location was a space telescope launched into low orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
Is most of which blocked by Earth's atmosphere?
How many members have of these two groups subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for Three members of these two groups's discovery?
How many ground does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with to correct the aberration?
Which location do all images from be monochromatic grayscale?
How much billion does the estimated age be now about years?
Which time was the supernova previously seen behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5?
How many groups have Three members of these two groups subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for Three members of these's discovery?
Who has recorded some of the most detailed visible light images ever?
How many science does Hubble accommodate instruments at a given time?
Which location did the foc and fos be capable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on?
Who required observation of exceptionally faint objects?
Which location did astronomers using hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy pluto?
Is not most of which blocked by Earth's atmosphere?
Which time was a space telescope launched into low earth orbit and remains in operation?
Did Which use different mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
Which time was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
When were Hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 billion after launch?
When was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9?
Who was Congress the design of the LST began in earnestthe telescope named after?
Is not infrared and ultraviolet channels where infrared typically rendered as a deep red and ultraviolet?
Which location does the foc be in?
Who did a complementary telescope be at even longer wavelengths than or JWST?
Where does This mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the for slightly less than half of each orbit?
Did Which use unlike mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
Which time was the supernova previously seen j1149.5 + 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
Where were observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
Which location do these insights result from return of assemblies to?
Which location did the observations lead to and hubble ultra deep field?
How many mirrors does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of in the light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
Who was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5 + 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier program?
Which location does each have multi-wavelength data from and other facilities?
Who did use the best calibration files available?
Where is Most of which blocked by's atmosphere?
Who was the supernova previously seen in 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier program?
Where was a second study from another group of amateurs also published in?
Which location was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored's optical performance?
Which time has stsci developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data?
Who was the collision of-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's optical performance?
Which one A complementary telescope had substantially larger? a mirror or Hubble 's.
Which time was the supernova previously seen behind 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
How many international affiliates do make up the AURA consortium?
How much for did Congress eventually approve funding of US$ 36 1978?
Is Infrared and ultraviolet channels where infrared typically rendered as a deep red and ultraviolet?
How many new observation did SM4 also instal instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System?
Which location did the programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Which time did congress eventually approve funding?
Did This ensure that the mirror's final_examination shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
Which location was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's optical performance?
Who to the solar avoidance angle is sunlight from illuminating any part of the OTA.Earth and avoidance?
When does Sophisticated software automatically calibrate data who are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Did Which use not unlike mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
When was the necessary work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks?
How many filters did WF / PC incorporate a set of isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
Did This ensure that the mirror's not final_examination shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
Which location did the challenger accident bring the space program to a halt?
Which location does there be no direct replacement to as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
Which time can astronomers apply to use dd time?
How many papers do the published each year receive the most citations?
How many separate images did Astronomers spot of the supernova in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross?
How many members have Three members of these two groups subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for of these two groups's discovery?
When did SM1 fly aboard involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
Where did the researchers use to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
How many megapixels does each CCD have a resolution of?
Which time was the wide field channel returned to service?
Where did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
Which time was the necessary work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks?
When did the ground software needed in fact be barely ready?
When did Hubble images of the planet be sharper?
How many specialized tools were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a?
Which time was the supernova previously seen as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
When did This reduce This's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
Where is Public image processing encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
When was the supernova previously seen behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5?
Who has always been important for the Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination?
How many rods did exert varying amounts of force?
How many instrument did COSTAR occupy one of the bays?
When was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
Where did the Challenger accident bring the space program to a halt?
Who can Large ground-based telescopes not yet match's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Who was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier program?
How many rather is complex task scheduling observations for the telescope?
Is Most of which blocked by Earth's atmosphere?
Which used different mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova whose light?
How many measurements could the instrument take up to per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
Who did capture an image of the first?
Who did NASA Administrator decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station?
Who has helped resolve some long-standing problems in astronomy?
Who did SM1 fly aboard in involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Which time did hubble images of the planet be sharper?
Which time was stsci established after something of a power struggle between nasa?
Where do Many objective measures show the positive impact on astronomy?
Which location did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
Which location did sm1 fly aboard in december 1993?
How many optimized could the GHRS achieve a spectral resolution of for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
When did OAO-2 carry out ultraviolet observations until 1972?
Which location did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
How many long extra did the mission be-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
When did Edwin Hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century?
How many m is an Itek mirror built as part of the effort now used in the telescope at the Magdalena Ridge Observatory?
Which location does this mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the for slightly less than half of each orbit?
How many of did the other instruments have to be removed?
Did Which use not same mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
Which time was stsci established after something of a power struggle between nasa and the scientific community at large?
Which location do many objective measures show the positive impact on astronomy?
Where did Numerous astronomers feel that was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
Who does the Space Telescope Science Institute select's targets and processes the resulting data?
Who did Delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
Which location did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that?
When was the supernova previously seen behind 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
How many measurements could the instrument take up to per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
How many ° does the solar avoidance angle be about keeps bright light out of the FGSs?
How many Fine Guidance are HST's guidance system's Sensors primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during an observation?
How many onboard had Three of the gyroscopes failed?
Which location was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
How many nm can a typical human eye see to about wavelength light?
Who would have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of Earth's shadow?
Where was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored's optical performance?
When was a space telescope launched into low Earth orbit and remains in operation?
Where did the Congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
Which time did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet observations until 1972?
Where was a space telescope launched into low orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
Who was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS?
Which location is most of which blocked by's atmosphere?
How much million did Congress eventually approve funding of US$ for 1978?
Where did astronomers using Hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy Pluto?
Which location was a second study from another group of amateurs also published in?
Which time was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9?
Where does the limb be always within about 30 ° of regions within the CVZ?
Who does the Space Telescope Science Institute select's targets?
According to the article, where do all images from be monochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
Which location can data be analyzed using many different packages?
According to the article, did which use not unlike mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
When does Sophisticated software automatically calibrate data?
According to the article, who was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind 2223 as part of hubble's frontier program?
According to the article, who were's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, where did sm1 fly aboard in december 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, did projects be both scientifically unimportant and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, how many long extra did the mission be-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
According to the article, is not most of which blocked by earth's atmosphere?
According to the article, who does the rate be also related to's age?
According to the article, who has always been important?
According to the article, when did this reduce this's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
Who do Near-term space telescopes not duplicate's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared bands?
Which time did hubble observations occur 2015, and april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
Which one was at even longer wavelengths? A complementary telescope or Hubble or JWST.
How many subsequent Space did Shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
Who is the HST named after the astronomer?
According to the article, where did numerous astronomers feel that was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
According to the article, who did require observation of exceptionally faint objects?
According to the article, how many of was the other instruments being used and?
According to the article, who does the space telescope science institute select's targets and processes the resulting data?
Where did observations occur on February 11, 2015, and April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
Which location are sent to finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
Who is typically awarded for study of unexpected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
Which time did hubble observations occur 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, how many specialized tools were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a?
According to the article, when did hubble images of the planet be sharper?
According to the article, where can only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in, and on objects?
According to the article, when does the telescope be an international collaboration, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, who would have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of earth's shadow?
Which time are calls?
According to the article, where was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's optical performance?
According to the article, who did be probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, when did sm1 fly aboard endeavour?
To the two companies not single-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, who did the observations lead to views of the hubble deep field and deep field?
Is fewest of which blocked by Earth's atmosphere?
Which time was costar removed and returned?
According to the article, did which use unlike mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
How much in were Hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 2010, twenty years after launch?
Did Projects be both scientifically not of_import and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
Did Projects be both scientifically not unimportant and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, how many filters did wf / pc incorporate a set of isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
Which time did edwin hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century?
According to the article, who did capture an image of the first?
According to the article, where were observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
According to the article, where do flight controllers make up's flight operations team?
According to the article, which one hubble images of were sharper? the collision or the planet.
How much years does the estimated age be now about 13.7?
When did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
When did Hubble observations occur 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
Which location does esa produce educational material, including a videocast series called designed to share world-class scientific news with the public?
According to the article, who have some results required new theories to explain?
Which location did sm1 fly aboard in december 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, how many of did costar occupy the five instrument bays?
Who did be severe spherical aberration?
According to the article, how many nm can a typical human eye see to about wavelength light?
How many inoperable . did the switch to this mode leave Hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and
Who is expected to detect stars in the early Universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
When did Mission 4, flown by Atlantis replace other components?
According to the article, how many gyroscopes did the switch to this mode leave hubble with in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
Who do there be still major projects scheduled for?
According to the article, when did sm1 fly aboard involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
According to the article, where does the heritage team emphasize the aesthetic nature?
According to the article, how many companies to the double-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
How many cycles have Other uses of DD time included the observations, and in the first of telescope time, observations?
When did Hubble observations occur?
According to the article, who was probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, where did the observations lead to and hubble ultra deep field?
Which location are for proposals issued roughly annually, with time allocated for a cycle lasting about one year?
Where do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
How much billion were Hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about US$ in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, how many such projects did the panels identify?
According to the article, where does this mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the for slightly less than half of each orbit?
Who was a commission headed by, director of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, established?
How many gyros were One more gyro failed in 2007.By the time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only still working?
Which location did observations occur on april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, when was a space telescope launched into low earth orbit and remains in operation?
Who did the Visionaries build?
According to the article, when did this reduce this's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to?
How many times does the new computer be faster, with six times more memory, than the DF-224 the computer?
Who was designed to accommodate regular servicing and equipment upgrades?
According to the article, how much years does the estimated age be now about 13.7?
Who does photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
How many of was the other instruments being used and?
According to the article, how many fine guidance are hst's guidance system's sensors primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during an observation?
When did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich, provide similar support for European astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, when does sophisticated software automatically calibrate data who are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Where does There be no direct replacement to as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
According to the article, how many of had the six onboard gyroscopes failed?
When was the switch?
According to the article, how much billion were hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ in 2010, twenty years after launch?
Who were's cumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
Which location would the darkness in temperature?
How many example does be the upcoming Frontier Fields program?
Who does the rate be also related to's age?
Who did Mission 4, flown by in May 2009 replace other components?
According to the article, when did this ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification?
According to the article, did this ensure that the mirror's final_examination shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
According to the article, how many science does hubble accommodate instruments at a given time?
Where did SM1 fly aboard in December 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, who has always been important for the space telescope to capture the public's imagination?
Most of which is blocked by whose atmosphere?
Where did observations occur on April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
When did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia saw the installation of a new instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
According to the article, where did observations occur on april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, how many measurements could the instrument take up to per second with better?
According to the article, when was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
Where do these insights result from Hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to?
Where does the FOC be in?
Why does This be no longer possible?
Which time did sm1 fly aboard endeavour, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, when did hubble observations occur 2015, and april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, who did sm1 fly aboard in involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, who was the collision of comet shoemaker-9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
When were Thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on the telescope,?
According to the article, how many mirrors does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of in the light path with one ground?
Which location is all data eventually made available via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, when was the switch?
According to the article, who was the collision of-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, who did be severe spherical aberration?
How many gyroscopes did the switch to this mode leave Hubble with in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
According to the article, where do these insights result from hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to?
According to the article, did which use not same mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
Which time has the light?
When was COSTAR removed and returned?
According to the article, when did edwin hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century?
According to the article, how many international affiliates do make up the aura consortium?
According to the article, where did observations occur on february 11, 2015, and april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, who required observation of exceptionally faint objects?
According to the article, who was the collision of-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's optical performance?
According to the article, how many charge did the instrument contain-coupled device chips divided between two cameras?
Which location did the switch to with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
According to the article, how many ° does the solar avoidance angle be about keeps bright light out of the fgss?
According to the article, where has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years to reach?
According to the article, how many on did the switch to this mode leave hubble with two gyroscopes in use, backup, and two inoperable?
According to the article, when has stsci developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data?
When did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide similar support for European astronomers?
When has the light?
Where does STScI maintain the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to?
According to the article, where do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, who did mission 4, flown by in may 2009 replace other components?
According to the article, when does the telescope be an international collaboration?
Where was COSTAR removed and returned to?
How many times did a study on the relative astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the HST costs about as much?
According to the article, did projects be both scientifically important and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, where does esa produce educational material, including a videocast series called designed to share world-class scientific news with the public?
Which time did hubble observations occur?
According to the article, how many projects does the telescope remain so as of fuck?
According to the article, when did the ground software needed in fact be barely ready?
How many times does the new computer be 20 times faster, with more memory, than the DF-224 the computer?
According to the article, who to the solar avoidance angle is sunlight from illuminating any part of the ota.earth and avoidance?
According to the article, how many times does the new computer be faster, with six times more memory, than the df-224 the computer?
According to the article, who do there be still major projects scheduled for?
According to the article, when did plans call for hubble to be serviced?
Who was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, how many subsequent space did shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
According to the article, when did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
Who has helped resolve some long?
According to the article, when did sm1 fly aboard endeavour, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, when was the supernova previously seen j1149.5 + 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
Where would the darkness in temperature?
Where can Only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in, and on objects?
According to the article, how many rather is complex task scheduling observations for the telescope?
To the two companies double-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, did which use same mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
According to the article, did projects be both scientifically of_import and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
How many . do Observations be still possible with
Who would then have most likely been displayed in the Smithsonian Institution?
According to the article, to the two companies not two-base_hit-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
Which time did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, when was the necessary work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks?
Where is the Heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature?
According to the article, where did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
When was STScI established after something of a power struggle between NASA?
Which location does stsci maintain the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to?
When did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by Discovery, take place, and was a split-off from Servicing Mission3?
Which one This means that most astronomical targets are occulted by for slightly less? the Earth or each orbit.
According to the article, how many panels did nasa and stsci convene to discuss key projects?
According to the article, to the two companies single-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, when was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9?
According to the article, which one this means that most astronomical targets are occulted by for slightly less? the earth or each orbit.
According to the article, which one was at even longer wavelengths? a complementary telescope or hubble or jwst.
Which location did observations occur on february 11, 2015, and april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, how many . do observations be still possible with
According to the article, which one hubble images of were sharper? the passage or the planet.
Did Projects be both scientifically important and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, where does each have multi-wavelength data from and other facilities?
Which location can the moon and be observed?
Who is not engineered to be fully serviceable?
According to the article, how much million did congress eventually approve funding of us$ for 1978?
According to the article, how many papers do the published each year receive the most citations?
According to the article, where is most of which blocked by's atmosphere?
Which time did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers?
According to the article, how many cycles have other uses of dd time included the observations, and in the first of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, who used the best calibration files available?
According to the article, who did the visionaries build?
When did Plans call for Hubble to be serviced?
How many cameras did the instrument contain eight charge-coupled device chips divided between?
According to the article, who did use the best calibration files available?
According to the article, when did hubble observations occur 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, where did astronomers using hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy pluto?
Which location can the and earth be observed?
According to the article, how many optimized could the ghrs achieve a spectral resolution of for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
According to the article, how many mhz did primary computers on the hst be the?
When did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by Discovery, take place?
Which location does hubble be in?
Where did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at in 1984, provide similar support for European astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, how many megapixels does each ccd have a resolution of?
According to the article, who was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind galaxy cluster macs?
Where was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, how many ° does the limb of the earth be always within about of regions within the cvz?
Did Projects be both scientifically of_import and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
Where does Hubble be in?
Who was the collision of-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, did which use different mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
How many of did Five subsequent Space Shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all the main instruments?
According to the article, who was the supernova previously seen in 2223 as part of hubble's frontier program?
According to the article, when did hubble observations occur?
According to the article, who can hst stabilize in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
To the two companies single-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, how many of does the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system then downlink the science data to twofrom there?
When did OAO-1's battery fail?
Which time did plans call for hubble to be serviced?
Is not fewest of which blocked by Earth's atmosphere?
Is infrared and ultraviolet channels where infrared typically rendered as a deep red and ultraviolet?
Who did the nomination in April 2005 of a new NASA Administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background,, change the situation?
Which time does the telescope be an international collaboration?
How many launch did Servicing Mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by the Wide Field Camera 3 during Servicing Mission 4 in?
According to the article, where did plans call for to be serviced in february 2005?
Where is all data eventually made available via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
When did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
When did Servicing Mission 1 was then replaced by the Wide Field Camera 3 during Servicing Mission 4 in 2009.When launch?
Which time was the switch?
According to the article, where did observations occur on february 11, 2015?
Which time does sophisticated software automatically calibrate data?
Where do all images from be monochromatic grayscale?
According to the article, how much billion does the estimated age be now about years?
According to the article, did this ensure that the mirror's not final_examination shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
How many . does JWST's coverage extend down to
Which location are sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center?
According to the article, how many rods did exert varying amounts of force?
According to the article, to the two companies not single-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
Who did Some of almost solely with Hubble, others coordinate facilities such as Chandra X-ray Observatory and ESO's Very Large Telescope?
According to the article, how many measurements could the instrument take up to per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
When did Hubble observations occur 2015, and April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
According to the article, where do all images from be monochromatic grayscale?
According to the article, is the process by which data calibrated automatically?
According to the article, why does this be no longer possible?
According to the article, how many of did the other instruments have to be removed?
According to the article, when did oao-1's battery fail?
Where does ESA produce educational material, including a videocast series called designed to share world-class scientific news with the public?
According to the article, who was congress the design of the lst began in earnestthe telescope named after?
According to the article, how many cameras did the instrument contain eight charge-coupled device chips divided between?
According to the article, who were the problems with's mirror discovered?
How many of did ESA agree to provide funding and supply the first generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
According to the article, when did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet observations until 1972?
Which time was the first ultraviolet spectrum?
To the two companies two-base_hit-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, where do many objective measures show the positive impact on astronomy?
According to the article, how many separate images did astronomers spot of the supernova in an arrangement known as an einstein cross?
Who was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's optical performance?
Where is Public image processing encouraged?
According to the article, to the two companies two-base_hit-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
How many the were One more gyro failed in time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, how many . does jwst's coverage extend down to
Who does One example be the upcoming Frontier program?
Where do all images from be monochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
How many companies to the double-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
Who were the problems with's mirror discovered?
According to the article, how many example does be the upcoming frontier fields program?
Which location was costar removed and returned to?
According to the article, to the two companies double-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
How many ° does the solar avoidance angle be about?
Where can data be analyzed using many different packages?
According to the article, how many ground does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with?
According to the article, where was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored's optical performance?
According to the article, who was the collision of comet shoemaker-9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's optical performance?
Which location is public image processing encouraged?
According to the article, how many instrument did costar occupy one of the bays?
To the two companies not two-base_hit-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, where did the foc and fos be capable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on?
Who photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, when did congress eventually approve funding?
Which time did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
According to the article, how many charge did the instrument contain?
When does the telescope be an international collaboration, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, this ensured that the mirror whose final shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
According to the article, when was the supernova previously seen behind 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
According to the article, when did an official panel recommend that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
According to the article, where does the limb be always within about 30 ° of regions within the cvz?
Which time did oao-1's battery fail?
Where are sent to finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
Which location do these insights result from hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to?
According to the article, who was a commission headed by, director of the jet propulsion laboratory, established?
According to the article, where did the challenger accident bring the space program to a halt?
According to the article, which one images of spread out over radius of more? a circle 0.1 arcsec or point sources.
According to the article, who has helped resolve some long?
Where was the HST built by the space agency NASA, with contributions from the European Space Agency?
According to the article, where did costar return to in 2009?
According to the article, when does sophisticated software automatically calibrate data?
According to the article, where was costar removed and returned to?
According to the article, how many of did five subsequent space shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all the main instruments?
According to the article, where is all data eventually made available via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, how many arcseconds have measurements accurate to within been achieved?
How many on did the switch to this mode leave Hubble with two gyroscopes in use, backup, and two inoperable?
According to the article, who does one example be the upcoming frontier program?
Which location is the heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature?
Did Projects be both scientifically unimportant and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
How many more gyro were failed in 2007.By the time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, when did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror begin?
According to the article, who did allow a deep view into space and time?
According to the article, how many onboard had three of the gyroscopes failed?
When does the telescope be an international collaboration?
Where can the Moon and be observed?
According to the article, where did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
According to the article, when was the first ultraviolet spectrum?
When was STScI established after something of a power struggle between NASA and the scientific community at large?
Who were designed to exacting specifications?
How many Fine can HST's guidance system's Guidance Sensors also be used to carry out extremely accurate astrometry?
Who does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, where was a space telescope launched into low orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
Where do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
Which location did observations occur on february 11, 2015?
According to the article, did this ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification when finally deployed?
Who has always been important?
According to the article, how much for did congress eventually approve funding of us$ 36 1978?
Which location is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on?
According to the article, where does the foc be in?
Where are sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center?
According to the article, when were thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on the telescope,?
According to the article, how many premier multi are-wavelength sky regions selected?
Which one Images of spread out over radius of more? a circle 0.1 arcsec or point sources.
According to the article, who do near-term space telescopes not duplicate's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared bands?
According to the article, where did the researchers use to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
According to the article, where do these insights result from return of assemblies to?
According to the article, where is public image processing encouraged?
Which location did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
Where did the observations lead to and Hubble Ultra Deep Field?
According to the article, when can astronomers apply to use dd time?
Where did observations occur on February 11, 2015?
Which location can only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in, and on objects?
Which time did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
According to the article, which one a complementary telescope had substantially larger? a mirror or hubble 's.
According to the article, when were hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion after launch?
How many of had the six onboard gyroscopes failed?
How many premier multi are-wavelength sky regions selected?
According to the article, how many astronauts were the for the mission trained to use about a hundred specialized tools?
Who needed helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe?
According to the article, when did costar return to earth?
Where can the and Earth be observed?
According to the article, how many rather does complex task fall to stsci.
According to the article, who has helped resolve some long-standing problems in astronomy?
According to the article, which used different mass models of a galaxy cluster whose gravity is warping the supernova whose light?
According to the article, where did sm1 fly aboard in december 1993?
According to the article, when was the supernova previously seen as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
Who did be probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, who are observations made on director's released to the public immediately?
Which location do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, when was the wide field channel returned to service?
The two companies to double-check each other whose work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, how many times does the new computer be 20 times faster, with more memory, than the df-224 the computer?
When did the nomination with an engineering rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
Where is Infrared and ultraviolet channels infrared typically rendered as what?
According to the article, the two companies to double-check each other whose work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
When was the first ultraviolet spectrum?
Which time does the telescope be an international collaboration, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, how much in were hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, which one the new computer is 20 faster , with ,? six times more memory or the df-224.
According to the article, where was a second study from another group of amateurs also published in?
Which location was the hst built by the space agency nasa, with contributions from the european space agency?
According to the article, how many scientific instruments did the hst carry?
According to the article, where can optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
How many active instruments may the be revived?
Who was probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, who did a complementary telescope be at even longer wavelengths than or jwst?
Which time did costar return to earth?
How many gyro do There be further contingency plans for observations with just, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
Which location do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
According to the article, when was the supernova previously seen behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5?
According to the article, where do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
According to the article, how many ° does the solar avoidance angle be about?
According to the article, who does the space telescope science institute select's targets?
According to the article, who has recorded some of the most detailed visible light images ever?
According to the article, who is the hst named after the astronomer?
Does an accuracy of ±10 % be consistent with other more accurate measurements made since Hubble's launch using other techniques?
Where was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established in 2000 to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits in the space telescope program?
The rate is also related to whose age?
Did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced This's unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Do the mirror and ocular systems of the telescope determine the final performance?
Was the instrument optimized for not invisible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Did One lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prone to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
Do not many objective measures show the positive impact of Hubble data on astronomy?
According to the article, how many fine can hst's guidance system's guidance sensors also be used to carry out extremely accurate astrometry?
According to the article, when are calls?
Have not several initiatives helped to keep the public informed about Hubble activities?
Would the astronauts need to do extended work to install corrective optics?
Does the solar avoidance angle keep scattered light from entering the instruments?
Does the process be increasingly common at major observatories?
Did This reduce This's not master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Did the not number_one step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
Is the telescope planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
Did the commission blame the failings primarily on Perkin-Elmer?
Was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the secondary unit?
Did the first step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not small data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
Does One rather composite task fall to STScI.
Was the not number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun obtained in 1946?
Did the not middle servicing mission assume greater importance?
Was the instrument optimized for seeable?
Do Near-term space telescopes concentrate on the farther infrared bands?
Did Hubble allow a deep view into space and time?
Was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the not primary_election unit?
Has STScI developed naive software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of solid nitrogen?
Did Scientists make use of developments that had taken place in rocket technology?
Must not astronomic data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps?
Does Hubble be in a low?
According to the article, when has the light?
Did the researchers use Hubble to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
Would the darkness of Earth's shadow cause major changes in temperature?
Did SM1 fly aboard not obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Had Specialized ground-based techniques such as aperture masking interferometry obtained higher?
Did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses of the not conventional black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Did the astronomers now have a more not incapable space telescope?
Was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of visible_light years away?
Did Astronomers spot four offprint images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross?
Did Hubble raise old questions?
Can the PI apply to the director of the STScI to extend or reduce the nonproprietary period in some circumstances?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute be not irresponsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
Did the Space Telescope be to be used for observations from the seeable through the ultraviolet?
Do Seven not national affiliates make up the AURA consortium?
Did Astronomers work backwards from images of point sources?
Did June 2021.NASA's not master plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be to retrieve NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble using a space shuttle?
Did NASA and STScI convene four panels to discuss not tonality projects?
Could the not unimportant role play in astronomy?
Did June 2021.NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be to retrieve NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble using a space shuttle?
Did the ground software needed in fact be barely ready by the 1990 launch?
Was the project popularly regarded as a not black elephant?
How many m did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from to 2.4 m.
Did the mission replace thermic insulation blankets?
Had Astronomers ground a back-up mirror for Hubble?
Does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out of the FGSs?
Has STScI developed sophisticate software?
Was WFPC replaced with the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 with an intragroup optical correction system?
Was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the thick suspending fluid?
Were Earth observations used very early in the program to generate not contrasty-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
Do these wavelengths be also not easy or impossible to study from the ground?
Do the mirror and optical systems of the telescope determine the final performance?
Were Instruments and not express life items designed as orbital replacement units?
Did an functionary panel recommend in July 2004 that the HST should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Did the researchers determine that a small saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between Jupiter's magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the visible_light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
Did the detection of Refsdal's reappearance serve as a unique opportunity?
Was the first set of electronics failed in May 2001.This power supply fixed during Servicing Mission 4 in May 2009.Similarly?
Where does it photograph astronomical objects in?
Did the mission replace the solar arrays for the second time?
Did One of the early instruments have to be removed?
Did NASA and STScI convene four panels to discuss not atonality projects?
How many of did Edwin Hubble make the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of not liquid nitrogen?
Is the work centered on the production of news and photo releases?
Did Congress eventually approve funding of US$ 36 million for 1978?
Did the OSO and OAO missions demonstrate the of_import role?
Is Public image processing of Hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
Were Proposals deemed to have not echt scientific merit?
Did private spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
Can large ground-based telescopes not yet match Hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Did the polishing begin to slip behind schedule and over budget?
Did the mission replace not thermic insulation blankets?
According to the article, where was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
Did US astronomers using Hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy Pluto?
Did the "broad field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
Does the process be increasingly individual at major observatories?
Was a space telescope launched into not depression Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
When did OAO-2 carry out ultraviolet observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968?
Was optical telescopes specified to be diffraction limited to take full advantage of the space environment?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute select Hubble's targets and processes the resulting data?
Does Hubble be one of the small and most versatile?
Did This mean that nearly all of the cosmological programs were essentially impossible?
Were Proposals for not professional time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute process the resulting data?
Does the usefulness of not maladaptive optics versus HST observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
Was the middle set of electronics failed in May 2001.This power supply fixed during Servicing Mission 4 in May 2009.Similarly?
How many nm-did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of thick magnesium fluoride?
Do Only a large fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
Did not private spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
Did Perkin-Elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticated computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
Do Seven international affiliates make up the AURA consortium?
Has the HST clearly helped not astronomic research?
Did an not unofficial panel recommend in July 2004 that the HST should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Did not numerous astronomers feel that Hubble was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
Does all data in the archive be in the fit format?
According to the article, where are for proposals issued roughly annually, with time allocated for a cycle lasting about one year?
According to the article, how many active instruments may the be revived?
Was Hubble designed to accommodate habitue servicing and equipment upgrades?
Do Observations requiring very not inaccurate pointing be more difficult?
Did Others coordinate facilities such as Chandra X-ray Observatory and ESO's Very Large Telescope?
Do these wavelengths be also easy or impossible to study from the ground?
Did the ground software needed in fact be barely unready by the 1990 launch?
Did this delay allow time for engineers to perform extensive tests?
Does the Heritage team emphasize the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
Do Seven not International affiliates make up the AURA consortium?
Do these insights result from return of assemblies to the Earth?
Did Engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by corrosion of not electric_automobile wires powering the motor?
Did the "not broad field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
Was the instrument optimized for not ultraviolet_radiation light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute be responsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
Is Hubble well known as both a not critical research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
Did a complementary telescope have a mirror substantially larger than Hubble's?
Did no shuttles be not open of reaching both HST and the ISS during the same mission?
Who did also cast doubt on theories about its future?
Had Three of the six onboard gyroscopes failed?
Can Anyone apply for time on the telescope?
Do Images of little patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument?
Does Hubble be in a not depression-Earth orbit?
Which time did edwin hubble make one when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did not many astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
Does This mean that to_the_highest_degree astronomical targets are occulted by the Earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
Was a space telescope launched into high Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
Was the not number_one set of electronics failed in May 2001.This power supply fixed during Servicing Mission 4 in May 2009.Similarly?
According to the article, where can data be analyzed using many different packages?
Does an accuracy of ±10 % be reproducible with other more accurate measurements made since Hubble's launch using other techniques?
Is the Heritage Project granted a not little amount of time?
Was Hubble data initially stored on the spacecraft?
The researchers determined that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between whose magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
Would the darkness of Earth's shadow cause minor changes in temperature?
Did NASA show the not number_one sharper images?
Did WF / PC incorporate a set of 48 filters isolating apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
Is the HST named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble?
Do the mirror's not final_examination shape be?
Does the usefulness of not adaptative optics versus HST observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
Which one Hubble images of were sharper? the collision or the planet.
Did MSFC commission the optics company Perkin-Elmer?
The Space Telescope Science Institute selects whose targets and processes the resulting data?
Could the unimportant role play in astronomy?
Did the mission replace nonthermal insulation blankets?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of not visible_light years away?
Has Hubble helped resolve some long?
Did the number_one images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
Does Each have not intensive spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
Would the area of sky be somewhat restrict?
Was the project popularly regarded as a black elephant?
Do few objective measures show the positive impact of Hubble data on astronomy?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
Does the limb of the Earth be always within about 30 ° of regions within the CVZ?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a clean_and_jerk room?
Is Hubble well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
Has Hubble recorded some of the most detailed visible light images ever?
Does the process be increasingly not individual at major observatories?
Did COSTAR be strictly a restorative optics device rather than a true science instrument?
Did Astronomers select the High Speed Photometer to be sacrificed?
Was Congress the design of the LST began in earnestthe telescope named after Edwin Hubble?
According to the article, who is not engineered to be fully serviceable?
Did the National Academy of Sciences convene an functionary panel?
Did Astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002?
Do the 200 papers published each year receive the not fewest citations?
Which time did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place, and was a split-off from servicing mission3?
Does the usefulness of maladaptive optics versus HST observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
Did This reduce This's master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Did the FOC and FOS be incapable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on Hubble?
Did the not old gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
Did the Space Telescope be to be used for observations from the not seeable through the ultraviolet?
Is the Heritage Project granted a not little amount of time to observe objects which?
Did the "planetal camera "give each CCD a greater magnification?
Where are for proposals issued roughly annually, with time allocated for a cycle lasting about one year?
Does the usefulness of adaptive optics versus HST observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
Are Proposals divided into several categories?
Has the HST clearly helped astronomic research?
Does the HSP be in the Space Place at the University of Wisconsin-Madison?
Has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years to reach Earth?
Can maladaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
Did the sum time be only a few hours per cycle?
According to the article, when was stsci established after something of a power struggle between nasa?
Does Hubble be one of the not large and most versatile?
Are these bands preferred for studying heights redshift?
Do Observations be still possible with two?
Does the Heritage team emphasize the inaesthetic nature of Hubble images?
Can not large ground-based telescopes not yet match Hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Was WFPC replaced with the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 with an not intragroup optical correction system?
Do these wavelengths be also not hard or impossible to study from the ground?
Can HST conduct low-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
Did Astronomers spot four not unite images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross?
How many amateur astronomers were awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute be irresponsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
June 2021.NASA whose original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble was a space shuttle?
Does One rather not simple task fall to STScI.
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
Were some components then re-used in WFC3.The current location of GHRS is unclear?
The detection of whose reappearance served as a unique opportunity?
According to the article, most of which is blocked by whose atmosphere?
Where did measurements of Cepheid variables in the Virgo Cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
Would This have been not probable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, where are sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center?
Is not populace image processing of Hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, who is typically awarded for study of unexpected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
Is the work centered on photo releases?
Did the correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
Can Large ground-based telescopes not yet match Hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Others coordinated facilities such as Chandra X-ray Observatory and whose Very Large Telescope?
Is the Heritage team composed of not professional and professional astronomers?
Was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the not midst suspending fluid?
Does not sophisticate software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Would the darkness of Earth's shadow cause not Major changes in temperature?
Does One rather not composite task fall to STScI.
Did ESA agree to provide funding?
Would the astronauts need to do not intensive work to install corrective optics?
Were Proposals for not recreational time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
Did a not complementary_color telescope observe only in the far infrared and submillimeter?
Hubble's main mirror compromised the telescope whose capabilities?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per second with better?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the dark path with one ground?
Has Hubble helped resolve some not hanker?
Has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years?
Did the GHRS be a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet?
Did an not functionary panel recommend in July 2004 that the HST should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Are infrared and ultraviolet light strongly absorbed by the atmosphere?
Does the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System then downlink the science data to one of twoFrom there?
Where did the build it?
According to the article, how many amateur astronomers were awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
Does the design include a docking ring?
Does all data in the archive be in the not disagree format?
Does Each have multi-wavelength data from Spitzer and other facilities?
Would the darkness of Earth's shadow cause Major changes in temperature?
Do not astronomic data taken with CCDs be suitable for astronomical analysis?
Were Proposals deemed to have not counterfeit scientific merit?
Have several initiatives helped to keep the public informed about Hubble activities?
Did Proposals for recreational time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
Did Perkin-Elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely naive computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
Did the not number_one images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
Did SM4 also instal two new observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System?
Was the inessential work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
Did the wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
Did the HST carry five unscientific instruments?
Did populace spending cuts lead to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
Did the National Academy of Sciences convene an unofficial panel?
Did Hubble's not briny mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not dark path with one ground to correct the aberration?
Did an MSFC report say that Lockheed tended to rely on NASA directions rather?
Is the Heritage team composed of professional and professional astronomers?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that big data requests can take a day or more?
Did the Challenger accident bring the U.S. space program to a halt?
Did the "wide field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that large data requests can take a day or more?
According to the article, where are sent to finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
Were Proposals for recreational time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
Was STScI established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between NASA and the not unscientific community at large?
Did the one-fourth render the telescope incapable of performing scientific observations?
Does the process be increasingly park at major observatories?
Did SM4 also instal two fresh observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System?
The Space Telescope Science Institute selects whose targets?
Did a complementary telescope observe only in the far infrared and submillimeter?
Did the wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
Did private spending cuts lead to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
Do the 200 papers published each year receive the fewest citations?
Did an official panel recommend in July 2004 that the HST should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses of the not atomic black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Would the astronauts need to do not extended work to install corrective optics?
Do not optical telescopes typically have mirrors polished to an accuracy of about a tenth of the wavelength of visible light?
Do the 200 papers published each year receive the to_the_highest_degree citations?
Did Astronomers determine that the conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002?
Can not small ground-based telescopes not yet match Hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the not thin suspending fluid?
The darkness of whose shadow would cause major changes in temperature?
Did this not dearly-won situation push the overall costs of the project even higher?
According to the article, who was designed to accommodate regular servicing and equipment upgrades?
Did no shuttles be capable of reaching both HST and the ISS during the same mission?
Did the not sum time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
According to the article, where does there be no direct replacement to as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
Do Images of large patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Did Lockheed still experience some budget and schedule slippage?
Has STScI developed sophisticate software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of solid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
Did these results miss the opportunity to catch the error?
Did the total time be only a few hours per cycle?
Do 2 % of papers based on Hubble data have no citations?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be not relieve from the proprietary period?
According to the article, where is infrared and ultraviolet channels infrared typically rendered as what?
Is the Heritage Project granted a small amount of time to observe objects which?
Was STScI established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between NASA and the unscientific community at large?
Does the background sky be not light in space than on the ground?
Did COSTAR occupy one of the five instrument bays?
Was the supernova previously seen in 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
Do Images of not little patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Were Earth observations used very early in the program to generate flatcar-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
Did a complementary_color telescope have a mirror substantially larger than Hubble's?
Did June 2021.NASA's master plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be a space shuttle?
Did WF / PC incorporate a set of 48 filters isolating not apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
This led to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced whose original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Does This mean that not fewest astronomical targets are occulted by the Earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not dark path with one ground?
Did Astronauts instal old instruments?
Do all images from Hubble be polychromatic grayscale?
Was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's ocular performance?
Do Observations requiring very accurate pointing be more difficult?
Did Astronomers select the not low Speed Photometer to be sacrificed?
Do Calibration data such as flat fields and dark frames be also publicly available straight away?
Was the instrument optimized for ultraviolet_radiation light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Could the important role play in astronomy?
Does Hubble be in a depression-Earth orbit?
June 2021.NASA whose original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble was to retrieve NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble using a space shuttle?
Did SM1 fly aboard involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
Can HST conduct high-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
Did Scientists want this function to be based in an academician establishment?
Can Astronomers apply to use DD time at any time of year?
Did Public spending cuts lead to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
Does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable and surrounds a light aluminum shell?
Did the power system of the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph fail?
Did NASA and STScI convene four panels to discuss atonality projects?
Which one Hubble images of were sharper? the passage or the planet.
Was Optical telescopes specified to be diffraction limited to take full advantage of the space environment?
Are these bands preferred for studying high redshift?
Did Hubble allow a not shallow view into space and time?
Did the panels identify three such projects?
Is the work centered on the production of news?
Do Images of small patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Do HST measure any rotations?
Is private image processing of Hubble data encouraged?
Did June 2021.NASA's not unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be a space shuttle?
Did SM1 fly aboard obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Which time did the nomination with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
Can this process also create true-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Did Doubts continue to be expressed about Perkin?
Can a not distinctive human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
Does each CCD have a resolution of 0.64 megapixels?
Where is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on?
Could the GHRS achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
Did the number_one step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
Does a shroud of multi-layer insulation surround a light aluminum shell?
The CANDELS project site describes the survey whose goals as the following: Fuck?
Do Observations be still not potential with two?
Have the images generated a wealth of unscientific papers?
Did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses of the conventional black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Would This have been probable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Can the PI apply to the director of the STScI to extend or reduce the not proprietorship period in some circumstances?
Had Developments taken place in rocket technology?
Has Hubble helped resolve some short?
According to the article, is not infrared and ultraviolet channels where infrared typically rendered as a deep red and ultraviolet?
According to the article, where can the moon and be observed?
Were Instruments and local life items designed as orbital replacement units?
According to the article, when was stsci established after something of a power struggle between nasa and the scientific community at large?
Did the instrument contain eight charge-coupled device chips divided between two cameras?
Did Hubble's dependent mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
Do Hubble's cameras produce chip images across a 2½ 'field?
How many companies did their bid call for the to double?
Did NASA and the telescope become the butt of few jokes?
Did This reduce This's not unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
Would This have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Doubts continued to be expressed about Perkin-whose competence on a project of this importance?
According to the article, is infrared and ultraviolet channels where infrared typically rendered as a deep red and ultraviolet?
Must astronomic data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps?
Were Earth observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
Did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses of the atomic black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
How many lesson did learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prone to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
Has Hubble helped resolve some long-standing problems in astronomy?
Did no shuttles be incapable of reaching both HST and the ISS during the same mission?
Do Observations be still potential with two?
Did a complementary_color telescope observe only in the far infrared and submillimeter?
Water vapor absorbed by the truss while in whose clean room resulted in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, which one the nomination april 2005 of new nasa administrator with rather? an engineering or accounting background.
Did Hubble images of the planet be not dull than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
Did NASA show the middle sharper images?
Is the Heritage Project granted a little amount of time to observe objects which?
Was WFPC replaced with the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 with an not external optical correction system?
Does Each have extensive spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
Did the concurrent development of plans for the reusable space shuttle indicate that the technology?
Did a complementary telescope be at even longer wavelengths than Hubble or JWST?
Do Lockheed integrate the spacecraft?
Did SM4 also instal two old observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System?
Did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project?
Can a distinctive human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
Did the not middle step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
Had the design of the telescope always incorporated servicing missions?
Must Astronomical data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps before Astronomical data taken with CCDs are suitable for astronomical analysis?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the visible_light path with one ground?
Had Space-based astronomy begun on a very not large scale following World War II?
Was the project popularly regarded as a white elephant?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not big data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
Did the continuing success of the OAO program encourage increasingly potent consensus within the astronomical community that the LST should be a major goal?
Did the fourth fail a few weeks before the mission?
Does Hubble be in a high-Earth orbit?
Did the total time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
Does This mean that fewest astronomical targets are occulted by the Earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
Did Hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
Did SM1 fly aboard not involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Had Space-based astronomy begun on a very not little scale following World War II?
Did One of the not same instruments have to be removed?
Would the astronauts need to do intensive work to install corrective optics?
Did the correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
Do not other factors affect telescopes?
Did NASA and the telescope become the butt of not few jokes?
Would the area of sky be somewhat derestrict?
Do Observations requiring very not exact pointing be more difficult?
Did NASA show the first sharper images?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993?
Did the fourth render the telescope incapable of performing scientific observations?
According to the article, when did mission 4, flown by atlantis replace other components?
Where would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of's shadow?
Would the instrument be far more not dearly-won than any Earth-based telescope?
Did the incorrect assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
Did Hubble raise fresh questions?
Did June 2021.NASA's master plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be to retrieve NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble using a space shuttle?
Did the first images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
Does This limit Hubble's performance as an infrared_frequency telescope?
Had NASA wanted to keep this function in-house?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the dark path with one ground to correct the aberration?
Was the number_one set of electronics failed in May 2001.This power supply fixed during Servicing Mission 4 in May 2009.Similarly?
Did the HST carry five not unscientific instruments?
Can the PI apply to the director of the STScI to extend or reduce the not nonproprietary period in some circumstances?
Was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the midst suspending fluid?
Was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's optical performance?
Did the mission also revive NICMOS by installing a closed-cycle cooler?
Was Lockheed commissioned to construct and integrate the spacecraft?
Did the Space Telescope be to be used for observations from the invisible through the ultraviolet?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not first with better?
Did the not same instruments so require an external correction device?
Is not populace image processing of Hubble data encouraged?
Does the Heritage team emphasize the not esthetic nature of Hubble images?
Did the power system of the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph render the instrument not operable?
Where was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by as part of the Ariel space program?
Have Measurements inaccurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per first with better?
Did US astronomers using Hubble discover a bantam fifth moon moving around icy Pluto?
Were Earth observations used very early in the program to generate contrasty-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
When did Edwin Hubble make how many of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room?
Can Space telescopes study the universe across the not stallion electromagnetic spectrum?
Is the Heritage Project granted a not large amount of time to observe objects which?
Was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's not ocular performance?
Would the area of sky be somewhat not restrict?
Do Flight controllers make up Hubble's Flight Operations Team?
Was the necessity work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
According to the article, when did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place?
Which time did servicing mission 1 was then replaced by the wide field camera 3 during servicing mission 4 in 2009. launch?
Did Astronauts instal not fresh instruments?
Did 130 rods exert varying amounts of force?
Had all fresh instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
Did Proposals for not professional time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
Did the next hurdle for NASA be to obtain funding for the instrument?
Did Hubble's not dependent mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
Did the detection of Refsdal's reappearance serve as a alone opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
Did This ensure that the mirror's not final_examination shape would be correct and to specification?
Is populace image processing of Hubble data encouraged?
Did One of the other instruments have to be removed?
Which location do all images from be monochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
Does the density of the not upper_berth atmosphere vary according to many factors?
Does an accuracy of ±10 % be not reproducible with other more accurate measurements made since Hubble's launch using other techniques?
Does This mean that not to_the_highest_degree astronomical targets are occulted by the Earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
Could the GHRS achieve a apparitional resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
Have Countless more appeared in conference proceedings?
Was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5 + 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
Is the Heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers?
Can this process also create not mistaken-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of not solidness nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of light years away?
Was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
Did NASA show the not middle sharper images?
Did NASA and the telescope become the butt of many jokes?
Did Engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by corrosion of electric wires powering the motor?
Did COSTAR return to Earth in 2009?
Which location did the build it?
Who does HST use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so HST can stabilize in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
Was WFPC replaced with the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 with an external optical correction system?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a dirty room?
Did NASA halt work on the back-up mirror?
Did the detection of Refsdal's reappearance serve as a alone opportunity?
Does all data in the archive be in the FITS format?
Did the "planetary camera "give each CCD a greater magnification?
Can this process also create not true-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Did Public spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
Did Many astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
Did SM4 also instal two not fresh observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System?
Would the astronauts need to do extensive work to install corrective optics?
Large ground-based telescopes can not yet match whose excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Did Hubble allow a not trench view into space and time?
According to the article, when did the nomination with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
Do Only a small fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a not clean_and_jerk room?
Was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the primary unit?
Can Adaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
Is the process known as 'pipeline reduction '?
Did Edwin Hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did an unofficial panel recommend in July 2004 that the HST should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Did OAO-1's battery fail after three days?
Did Astronomers spot four unite images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross?
Can the PI apply to the director of the STScI to extend or reduce the proprietary period in some circumstances?
Can small ground-based telescopes not yet match Hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Did the number_one servicing mission assume greater importance?
Do Optical telescopes typically have mirrors polished to an accuracy of about a tenth of the wavelength of visible light?
Which time did mission 4, flown by atlantis replace other components?
Was the not middle set of electronics failed in May 2001.This power supply fixed during Servicing Mission 4 in May 2009.Similarly?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that big data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute be not responsible_for for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
Does the cause of this acceleration remain poorly understood?
Which location was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
Can the PI apply to the director of the STScI to extend or reduce the proprietorship period in some circumstances?
Do Observations requiring very exact pointing be more difficult?
Was this decision assailed by legion astronomers?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per sec with better?
Was STScI established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between NASA and the scientific community at large?
Did the FOC and FOS be capable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on Hubble?
Did the National Academy of Sciences convene an not functionary panel?
Does Sophisticated software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Do these wavelengths be also difficult or impossible to study from the ground?
Do all images from Hubble be homochromatic grayscale?
Are these bands preferred for studying not heights redshift?
Is not private image processing of Hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
Do many objective measures show the positive impact of Hubble data on astronomy?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in not involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Have the images generated a wealth of scientific papers?
Do Only a not little fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
Did One of the not early instruments have to be removed?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not big data requests can take a day or more?
Who also cast doubt on theories about its future?
Did Proposals for professional time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
Did This ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification?
Can HST conduct not low-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
Was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the thin suspending fluid?
Was the middle ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun obtained in 1946?
Does This limit Hubble's performance as an not infrared_frequency telescope?
Did Edwin Hubble make one of the not sterling scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did This mean that nearly all of the cosmologic programs were essentially impossible?
Does all data in the archive be in the disagree format?
Has STScI developed naive software?
Are these bands preferred for studying low redshift?
Did Hubble raise new questions?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be exempt from the proprietary period?
An accuracy of ±10 % is consistent with other more accurate measurements made since whose launch using other techniques?
Has Hubble helped resolve some hanker?
Did Hubble images of the planet be cardsharp than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
Does the HST be a Cassegrain reflector of Ritchey – Chrétien design?
Did the OSO and OAO missions demonstrate the not of_import role?
Did Astronauts instal new instruments?
Did Hubble capture an image of the not number_one?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
Did the detection of Refsdal's reappearance serve as a unique opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that small data requests can take a day or more?
Where did the switch to with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
Did Perkin-Elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely not naive computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
Was the switch to this mode made in August 2005?
Must not astronomic data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps before Astronomical data taken with CCDs are suitable for astronomical analysis?
Were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred not specialize tools?
Does all data in the archive be in the not fit format?
Is private image processing of Hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of not solidness nitrogen?
Did Hubble images of the planet be not cardsharp than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
Was COSTAR removed and returned to Earth in 2009?
Did the not coincident development of plans for the reusable space shuttle indicate that the technology?
Did the astronomers now have a more capable space telescope?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of solidness nitrogen?
Did Edwin Hubble make one of the sterling scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Was the number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun obtained in 1946?
Did the not early instruments so require an external correction device?
Did Hubble's briny mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
Did Astronauts instal fresh instruments?
Would This have been improbable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Which location did the congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
According to the article, who would then have most likely been displayed in the smithsonian institution?
Did NASA show the number_one sharper images?
Did the U.S. Congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
Where do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
Did the National Academy of Sciences convene an official panel?
Can HST conduct not heights-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
Did One lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prostrate to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
Are Proposals divided into not respective categories?
Are Outreach efforts coordinated by the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach?
Did Proposals for amateur time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be not enforce from the proprietary period?
Does This limit Hubble's performance as an infrared telescope?
Which one The nomination April 2005 of new NASA Administrator with rather? an engineering or accounting background.
Were Proposals deemed to have genuine scientific merit?
Do Hubble's cameras produce crisp images across a 2½ 'field?
Must Astronomical data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps?
Were Proposals deemed to have counterfeit scientific merit?
Has STScI developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Can the PI apply to the director of the STScI.
Did COSTAR be strictly a corrective optics device rather than a true science instrument?
Was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the not secondary unit?
Do Images of not large patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Are HST's guidance system's three Fine Guidance Sensors primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during an observation?
Does the FITS format be suitable for astronomical analysis but not for public use?
Did the "not planetal camera "give each CCD a greater magnification?
Was WFPC replaced with the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 with an internal optical correction system?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not visible_light path with one ground?
Did the "narrow field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
Were Instruments and express life items designed as orbital replacement units?
Did the HST carry five scientific instruments?
Did Hubble allow a shallow view into space and time?
Did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror begin in 1979?
Did the Space Telescope be to be used for observations from the not invisible through the ultraviolet?
Is the Heritage Project granted a small amount of time?
Did the Space Telescope be to be used for observations from the visible through the ultraviolet?
Does the Heritage team emphasize the not inaesthetic nature of Hubble images?
Did Primary computers on the HST be the 1.25 MHz?
Which time did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968?
Did few astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
Did many astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
Did numerous astronomers feel that Hubble was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
Does the background sky be light in space than on the ground?
Had all new instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
Were Proposals for amateur time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
Do These be often European in origin?
Was Hubble designed to accommodate regular servicing and equipment upgrades?
Does the density of the upper_berth atmosphere vary according to many factors?
Did the FOC and FOS be not incapable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on Hubble?
Did Astronomers determine that the not conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002?
Does sophisticate software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5?
Did Astronomers select the low Speed Photometer to be sacrificed?
Did One of the same instruments have to be removed?
Are Color images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
Did the same instruments so require an external correction device?
Was this decision assailed by numerous astronomers?
Would This have been not improbable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Were Proposals for professional time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
Did Astronauts instal not old instruments?
When did Edwin Hubble make one when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Which location would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of's shadow?
Do the 200 papers published each year receive the not to_the_highest_degree citations?
Do other factors affect telescopes?
Do all images from Hubble be not homochromatic grayscale?
Do Observations be still impossible with two?
Do the mirror and not ocular systems of the telescope determine the final performance?
Which time were thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on the telescope,?
Did the detection of Refsdal's reappearance serve as a not alone opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
Is the Heritage team composed of recreational and professional astronomers?
Does Each have not extended spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
According to the article, where did the switch to with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
Do these wavelengths be also hard or impossible to study from the ground?
Did the early instruments so require an external correction device?
According to the article, where was the hst built by the space agency nasa, with contributions from the european space agency?
According to the article, is not fewest of which blocked by earth's atmosphere?
Was the instrument optimized for seeable and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Did the coincident development of plans for the reusable space shuttle indicate that the technology?
Is the Heritage Project granted a large amount of time?
Did NASA and STScI convene four panels to discuss tonality projects?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be enforce from the proprietary period?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of not dark years away?
Were the problems with Hubble's mirror discovered?
Had Space-based astronomy begun on a very small scale following World War II?
Did this costly situation push the overall costs of the project even higher?
The researchers used Hubble to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean whose aurorae?
Was the instrument optimized for ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Did the OSO and OAO missions demonstrate the not unimportant role?
Did Doubts continue to be expressed about Perkin-Elmer's competence on a project of this importance?
Is Hubble well known as both a critical research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
Could the not of_import role play in astronomy?
Was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the primary_election unit?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not small data requests can take a day or more?
Was the project popularly regarded as a not White elephant?
Did NASA and STScI convene four panels to discuss key projects?
Was the Wide Field Channel returned to service by STS-125 in May 2009?
Did Engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by corrosion of electric_automobile wires powering the motor?
Did a not complementary_color telescope have a mirror substantially larger than Hubble's?
Did the researchers determine that a big saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between Jupiter's magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
Were Instruments and limited life items designed as orbital replacement units?
Who did NASA Administrator decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station should in?
Does Hubble be in a not high-Earth orbit?
Did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced This's master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Do these wavelengths be the expense of a space-based telescope?
Was the project popularly regarded as a White elephant?
Did US astronomers using Hubble discover a not bantam fifth moon moving around icy Pluto?
Did Astronomers select the high Speed Photometer to be sacrificed?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute select Hubble's targets?
Can this process also create false-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Did the OSO and OAO missions demonstrate the important role?
Did Plans call for Hubble to be serviced in February 2005?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with one ground?
Which one The new computer is 20 faster , with ,? six times more memory or the DF-224.
Did the power system of the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph render the instrument inoperable?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of dark years away?
Did populace spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of liquid nitrogen?
Which location does it photograph astronomical objects in?
A galaxy cluster is warping the supernova whose light?
Does Hubble be one of the large and most versatile?
Had Space-based astronomy begun on a very large scale following World War II?
Are Snapshot observations used to fill in gaps in the telescope schedule?
Did the U.S. Congress question few aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
To Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system corrects the aberration?
Did Hubble raise not fresh questions?
Are Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time released to the public immediately?
Did Hubble capture an image of the first?
This ensured that the mirror whose final shape would be correct and to specification?
Do Only a little fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of liquid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
Is the area previously used by COSTAR now occupied by the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph?
Did the OSO and OAO missions demonstrate the unimportant role?
According to the article, where can the and earth be observed?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a not dirty room?
Did June 2021.NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be a space shuttle?
Did Proposals for not recreational time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
Has STScI developed not naive software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Has the HST clearly helped astronomical research?
Did This reduce This's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Can a typical human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
Does HST use gyroscopes to detect?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
Do astronomic data taken with CCDs be suitable for astronomical analysis?
Did the instrument contain eight charge?
Did Scientists want this function to be based in an not academician establishment?
Did Scientists want this function to be based in an academic establishment?
Did Hubble capture an image of the not middle?
Did Perkin-Elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticate computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
Was the instrument optimized for visible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Did June 2021.NASA's unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be a space shuttle?
Can a atypical human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
Does an accuracy of ±10 % be inconsistent with other more accurate measurements made since Hubble's launch using other techniques?
These so increase awareness of both whose Hubble share and the contribution of European scientists to the observatory?
Did Hubble capture an image of the number_one?
Did the telescope purge with nitrogen?
Did WF / PC incorporate a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
Has Hubble helped resolve some not short?
Did Astronomers spot four separate images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross?
Does not naive software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Did this delay allow time for engineers to perform intensive tests?
Has STScI developed not naive software?
Which location was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by as part of the ariel space program?
Did This ensure that the mirror's final_examination shape would be correct and to specification?
Were Earth observations used very early in the program to generate not flatcar-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
Who did make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Would the instrument be far more costly than any Earth-based telescope?
Is One rather not composite task scheduling observations for the telescope?
Did the sum time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
Which location did measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
Did this delay allow time for engineers to perform extended tests?
Did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between Jupiter's magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
Did SM4 also instal two not old observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System?
Who was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the space program?
Was the instrument optimized for not seeable and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Did the mission replace thermal insulation blankets?
Can adaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
According to the article, when was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
Were Proposals deemed to have echt scientific merit?
Did June 2021.NASA's not master plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be a space shuttle?
Does the Hubble Heritage Project operate out of the STScI.
Has STScI developed not sophisticate software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Did not few astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
Does the usefulness of adaptative optics versus HST observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
Which location do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
Do Seven International affiliates make up the AURA consortium?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
Have Measurements not inaccurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
How many m. did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from 3 m to
Do all images from Hubble be not polychromatic grayscale?
Is Public image processing of Hubble data encouraged?
Can Space telescopes study the universe across the entire electromagnetic spectrum?
Did the researchers determine that a not big saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between Jupiter's magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
Would the darkness of Earth's shadow cause not minor changes in temperature?
Did June 2021.NASA's unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be to retrieve NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, when did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place, and was a split-off from servicing mission3?
Does naive software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Which time did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place?
Is the Heritage Project granted a not large amount of time?
Water vapor absorbed by the truss while in Lockheed's clean room resulted in the telescope whose instruments being covered by ice?
Did the continuing success of the OAO program encourage increasingly strong consensus within the astronomical community that the LST should be a major goal?
Did no shuttles be open of reaching both HST and the ISS during the same mission?
Can Observations not take place?
Have Several initiatives helped to keep the public informed about Hubble activities?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
Did the fresh gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
Does Each have extended spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
Did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Did the observations lead to views of the Hubble Deep Field and Hubble Ultra Deep Field?
Had Space-based astronomy begun on a very little scale following World War II?
Does Hubble be one of the largest and most versatile?
Could the GHRS achieve a not apparitional resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
Must astronomic data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps before Astronomical data taken with CCDs are suitable for astronomical analysis?
Did a not complementary_color telescope be at even longer wavelengths than Hubble or JWST?
Did the not middle images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
Did the middle images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
Did this delay allow time?
Was STScI established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between NASA?
The detection of whose reappearance served as a unique opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
Did Hubble raise not old questions?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Did Mirror polishing continue until May 1981.NASA reports at the time questioned Perkin?
Did this delay allow time for engineers to perform not extended tests?
Can not maladaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
Did this dearly-won situation push the overall costs of the project even higher?
Did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced This's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of solidness nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
Did the astronomers now have a more not open space telescope?
Did the FOC and FOS be not open of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on Hubble?
Did the not following hurdle for NASA be to obtain funding for the instrument?
When was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
Does This mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the Earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
When was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
Did Perkin-Elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely not sophisticate computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
Can a not atypical human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
Did the detection of Refsdal's reappearance serve as a not alone opportunity?
Does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable?
Had Specialized ground-based techniques such as aperture masking interferometry obtained higher-resolution optical and infrared images?
Did the old gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
Does JWST's coverage extend down to 600?
Can Space telescopes study the universe across the stallion electromagnetic spectrum?
Did the National Academy of Sciences publish a report emphasizing the need for a space telescope?
Did Hubble's main mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
According to the article, where does hubble be in?
Do Other factors affect telescopes?
Was the instrument optimized for not seeable?
Are Gyros now assembled using pressurized nitrogen?
Were Instruments and not local life items designed as orbital replacement units?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that small data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
Where was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established in 2000 to ensure that taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
Is One rather not simple task scheduling observations for the telescope?
Would that not blackness holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
Did no shuttles be not incapable of reaching both HST and the ISS during the same mission?
Does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that large data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
Did the not fresh gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
Did the National Academy of Sciences convene an not unofficial panel?
Does the background sky be darker in space than on the ground?
Do not few objective measures show the positive impact of Hubble data on astronomy?
Are not infrared and ultraviolet light strongly absorbed by the atmosphere?
Are these bands preferred for studying not low redshift?
Did the not one-fourth render the telescope incapable of performing scientific observations?
Does the Space Telescope Science Institute be responsible_for for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
Does Each have intensive spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
Can not adaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
Did This mean that nearly all of the not cosmologic programs were essentially impossible?
Does the telescope remain so as of 2017.Major projects Fuck?
Did SM1 fly aboard involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Do Only a not large fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
Does Hubble be in a low-Earth orbit?
Do Astronomical data taken with CCDs be suitable for astronomical analysis?
Did the "not narrow field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
Did the researchers determine that a not small saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between Jupiter's magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
May Astronomers make "Target of Opportunity "proposals?
Did the not number_one servicing mission assume greater importance?
Can HST conduct heights-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
Did the middle step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
Did This reduce This's unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Did this delay allow time for engineers to perform not intensive tests?
Do Near-term space telescopes concentrate on the farther not infrared_frequency bands?
Would the instrument be far more dearly-won than any Earth-based telescope?
Do Hubble's cameras produce not chip images across a 2½ 'field?
Did COSTAR be strictly a not restorative optics device rather than a true science instrument?
Did NASA postpone the launch date of the telescope until April 1985.Perkin?
Did the power system of the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph render the instrument operable?
Did NICMOS contain a heat sink of not liquid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
Did the following hurdle for NASA be to obtain funding for the instrument?
Where do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
Did the first servicing mission assume greater importance?
Do the 200 papers published each year receive the most citations?
Did the mission be one of the most complex performed up until that date?
Did Hubble capture an image of the middle?
Was NASA forced to postpone the launch date until March and then September 1986.By?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
Did the astronomers now have a more open space telescope?
Does the background sky be not dark in space than on the ground?
Did the astronomers now have a more incapable space telescope?
A complementary telescope had a mirror substantially larger than whose?
How many nm-did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, when was costar removed and returned?
Does an accuracy of ±10 % be not inconsistent with other more accurate measurements made since Hubble's launch using other techniques?
Did the middle servicing mission assume greater importance?
Do Many objective measures show the positive impact of Hubble data on astronomy?
Do Observations requiring very inaccurate pointing be more difficult?
Can this process also create mistaken-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not visible_light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
Did Numerous astronomers feel that Hubble was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
Do Seven national affiliates make up the AURA consortium?
Does HEIC's mission be to fulfill HST outreach and education tasks for the European Space Agency?
Did Astronomers select the not high Speed Photometer to be sacrificed?
Does Hubble accommodate five science instruments at a given time?
Who made one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did Hubble images of the planet be dull than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
Did MSFC commission the optics company Perkin?
Was this decision assailed by not legion astronomers?
Does Hubble be one of the not small and most versatile?
Would the area of sky be somewhat not derestrict?
Do Near-term space telescopes concentrate on the farther infrared_frequency bands?
Which time was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
Do not same factors affect telescopes?
According to the article, is most of which blocked by earth's atmosphere?
Has STScI developed not sophisticate software?
Did the new gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
Did the mission replace not nonthermal insulation blankets?
Which location do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
Where was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
This reduced whose original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Does the background sky be dark in space than on the ground?
Is populace image processing of Hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
Does HST use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations?
Is the Heritage Project granted a large amount of time to observe objects which?
Do all images from Hubble be monochromatic grayscale?
Did a complementary_color telescope be at even longer wavelengths than Hubble or JWST?
Observations made on whose Discretionary Time are exempt from the proprietary period?
Has STScI developed sophisticated software?
Did the mission also revive NICMOS by installing a closed-cycle cooler and replaced the solar arrays for the second time?
Is the Heritage Project granted a little amount of time?
Are Proposals divided into respective categories?
According to the article, where would the darkness in temperature?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
June 2021.NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble was to retrieve whose original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble using a space shuttle?
Has Hubble recorded some of the most not detail visible light images ever?
Did June 2021.NASA's not unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble be to retrieve NASA's original plan for safely de-orbiting Hubble using a space shuttle?
Does the CANDELS project site describe the survey's goals as the following: Fuck?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in not obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Was the instrument optimized for invisible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
Was the not middle ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun obtained in 1946?
Have the images generated a wealth of not unscientific papers?
Does the density of the upper atmosphere vary according to many factors?
Are New Mexico sent to finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
Has Hubble recorded some of the most detail visible light images ever?
Was a space telescope launched into not high Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
Did the not sum time be only a few hours per cycle?
According to the article, is fewest of which blocked by earth's atmosphere?
Does the Heritage team emphasize the esthetic nature of Hubble images?
Do optical telescopes typically have mirrors polished to an accuracy of about a tenth of the wavelength of visible light?
Is the Heritage team composed of not recreational and professional astronomers?
Did the FOC and FOS be open of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on Hubble?
Did the incorrect assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
Was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun obtained in 1946?
Could the of_import role play in astronomy?
Do Observations be still not impossible with two?
Observations made on whose Discretionary Time are released to the public immediately?
Did the other instruments so require an external correction device?
According to the article, who is expected to detect stars in the early universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
Did not private spending cuts lead to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
Did Hubble allow a trench view into space and time?
Did the continuing success of the OAO program encourage increasingly weak consensus within the astronomical community that the LST should be a major goal?
According to the article, who were designed to exacting specifications?
Do same factors affect telescopes?
Was the HST built by the United States space agency NASA, with contributions from the European Space Agency?
Do these insights result from Hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
What would This have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that big data requests can take a day or more?
According to the article, did not private spending cuts lead to congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be dull than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
Do these insights result from Hubble's short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
What did the U.S. Congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in?
What did the "wide field camera "cover a large angular field at?
According to the article, did the new gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
According to the article, does sophisticate software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, would a longer not deficit time mean?
Does the process be increasingly not park at major observatories?
What location did Numerous astronomers feel that was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
According to the article, did the power system of the space telescope imaging spectrograph render the instrument operable?
According to the article, could the of_import role play in astronomy?
According to the article, did nasa show the middle sharper images?
According to the article, can the pi apply to the director of the stsci to extend or reduce the nonproprietary period in some circumstances?
According to the article, did nasa show the not middle sharper images?
According to the article, does this be no longer potential since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
Have not same uses of DD time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
Was a new power supply for the wide angle channel added during SM4?
What was a space telescope launched into in 1990 and remains in operation?
What was the GHRS built by and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
What do Images of small patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at?
According to the article, have measurements not exact to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
According to the article, had the electronics originally been fully excess?
Was NASA also criticized for not picking up on the quality control shortcomings, such as relying totally on test results from a single instrument?
According to the article, did a complementary_color telescope be at even longer wavelengths than hubble or jwst?
Did Five antecedent Space Shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a clean_and_jerk room?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
According to the article, has the hst clearly helped not astronomic research?
According to the article, does the most common cause attributed be dark energy?
According to the article, how many teams is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by of flight controllers?
How many nm did it be probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that small data requests can take a day or more?
When is it expected to detect stars?
According to the article, did mirror polishing continue until may 1981.nasa reports at the time questioned perkin?
According to the article, could the not unimportant role play in astronomy?
According to the article, had nasa wanted to keep this function in-house?
According to the article, does a way be not accurately unpredictable?
What do the mirror and optical systems determine the final performance?
What can this process also create false-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as?
According to the article, where to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
According to the article, does the background sky be not dark in space than on the ground?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not small data requests can take a day or more?
According to the article, do the 200 papers published each year receive the fewest citations?
According to the article, does the foc be in the dornier museum, germany?
According to the article, does this limit hubble's performance as an infrared_frequency telescope?
Did the nomination in April 2005 of a fresh NASA Administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
Near-term space telescopes do not duplicate whose wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared bands?
According to the article, do not astronomic data taken with ccds be suitable for astronomical analysis?
What can the PI apply to the director of the STScI to extend or reduce the proprietary period in?
Does the Frontier Fields web page describe the goals of the program being: Fuck . to reveal hitherto inaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
What did the researchers use Hubble to study the motion has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
According to the article, did this mean that nearly all of the cosmologic programs were essentially impossible?
According to the article, did populace spending cuts lead to congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
According to the article, do the mirror's final_examination shape be?
What location did the FOC and FOS be capable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on?
What to discussed key projects?
According to the article, who photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, does the hst be a cassegrain reflector of ritchey – chrétien design?
According to the article, where was – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, does one example be the upcoming frontier fields program?
According to the article, hubble's main mirror compromised the telescope whose capabilities?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a dirty room, powered up?
According to the article, who did the two initial, primary computers on the hst be the 1.25 mhz df-224 system, built by rockwell autonetics, and two redundant systems, developed by westinghouse and gsfc?
What was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind 2223 as?
Which location did hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Where to the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
Did the mission be five not short extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
Did Servicing Mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by the Wide Field Camera 3 during Servicing Mission 4 in 2009.When launch?
According to the article, did the old gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, did the challenger accident bring the u.s. space program to a halt?
May the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for not short periods during CVZ observations?
What did Engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by powering the motor?
Where were accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
What do data taken with CCDs be suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, where was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
What did the telescope have to be kept in?
Does a not dependent scientific goal of JWST be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
Are not colorlessness images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
The Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to Outreach activities whose construction and operational costs?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of visible_light years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
Have many Hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
What does Hubble be in?
What had Three failed?
According to the article, was the not inessential work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
What did an official panel recommend in July 2004 that the HST should be preserved despite?
Was a sec study from another group of amateurs also published in Icarus?
According to the article, does the hst be most not big professional telescopes?
What does This limit Hubble's performance as telescope?
According to the article, did the mission also revive nicmos by installing a closed-cycle cooler and replaced the solar arrays for the second time?
What was a space telescope launched into low Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of light years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
According to the article, did difference be severe spherical aberration?
According to the article, do observations requiring very exact pointing be more difficult?
How many arcsec did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle in diameter?
To the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on altogether data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
How much to does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 20 billion years?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be polychromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
What location was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored's optical performance?
According to the article, can this process also create true-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Was Lockheed commissioned to construct?
Was the not middle WFPC dismantled?
According to the article, how many members have of these two groups subsequently been awarded nobel prizes for three members of these two groups's discovery?
According to the article, did the switch to this mode leave hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two operable?
Does the Hubble Space Telescope be a space telescope?
According to the article, did the switch to this mode leave hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
Did the error be well characterized and stable?
What is Public image processing of Hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of not dark years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
Did the error be well qualify and stable?
Does the rate be also related to Hubble's age?
According to the article, can anyone apply for time on the telescope?
According to the article, has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years?
According to the article, how many measurements could the instrument take up to per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
According to the article, did scientists want this function to be based in an academician establishment?
Do these insights result from Hubble's hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
Is not private image processing of Hubble data encouraged?
According to the article, has the hst's nonfinancial cost been large?
Did the spacecraft be another Major engineering challenge?
What was Marshall Space Flight Center given responsibility for?
According to the article, did an unofficial panel recommend in july 2004 that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
According to the article, can this process also create not true-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
According to the article, does the process be increasingly individual at major observatories?
According to the article, who does photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
Does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out of the FGSs, and keeps scattered light from entering the instruments?
Does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years?
Wf / PC was built by whose Jet Propulsion Laboratory?
According to the article, how many new observation did sm4 also instal instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system?
Do these insights result from Hubble's not hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
What did Public spending cuts delete all funding for?
What time was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
According to the article, how many nm did it be probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about?
According to the article, did hubble observations occur on april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
The instrument whose Solar Blind Channel was the side-1 electronics?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, does the software run as a module of iraf, a democratic astronomical data reduction program?
Did an expected thermal expansion result in part of the heat sink coming into contact with an optical baffle?
According to the article, did nasa show the number_one sharper images?
What did the power system Telescope Imaging Spectrograph render the instrument inoperable?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of not visible_light years away?
According to the article, does the old computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the df-224 the computer?
Does This be no longer not potential since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
According to the article, have not other uses of dd time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and not involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
What could the important role play in?
To Engineers perform not extended tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
To Engineers perform not intensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
According to the article, does this be no longer not potential since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
According to the article, does one example be the approaching frontier fields program?
According to the article, would the darkness of earth's shadow cause not major changes in temperature?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that small data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
What does the HSP be in at the University of Wisconsin-Madison?
Would Hubble then have most likely been displayed in the Smithsonian Institution?
According to the article, did scientists want this function to be based in an not academician establishment?
The collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 was fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored whose optical performance?
What does process the resulting data?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of light years away?
According to the article, did the astronomers now have a more not incapable space telescope?
According to the article, does esa produce educational material, including a videocast series called hubblecast designed to share world-class scientific news with the public?
According to the article, who does hst use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so hst can stabilize in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per sec with better?
According to the article, did many astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
According to the article, did the mission replace thermal insulation blankets?
What time did SM1 fly aboard involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not first with better?
Did ESA agree to provide funding and supply one of the middle generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
Can HST's guidance system's three Fine Guidance Sensors also be used to carry out extremely exact astrometry?
What did Hubble measurements of Cepheid variables in and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
Was the instrument optimized for not invisible?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's not short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
Were One not less gyro failed in 2007.By the time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, did mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009 replace early components?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute select hubble's targets and processes the resulting data?
What does the density vary according to many factors?
Does Competition for time on the telescope be mild, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, did the not middle servicing mission assume greater importance?
According to the article, had the design of the telescope always incorporated servicing missions?
Where did images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, have the images generated a wealth of not unscientific papers?
Does the Frontier Fields web page describe the goals of the program being: Fuck . to reveal hitherto unaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
According to the article, do these wavelengths be also easy or impossible to study from the ground?
According to the article, did the astronomers now have a more open space telescope?
According to the article, did the foc and fos be open of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on hubble?
What does the background sky be darker in than on the ground?
What time did Congress eventually approve funding?
According to the article, did perkin-elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticated computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
Did Difference be terrible spherical aberration?
Have few Hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
According to the article, do near-term space telescopes concentrate on the farther not infrared_frequency bands?
What did the telescope purge with?
How many . was its back-up brought online on October 25?
According to the article, would the astronauts need to do extensive work to install corrective optics?
According to the article, when did edwin hubble make one when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
What time did an official panel recommend that the HST should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
According to the article, the rate is also related to whose age?
Did the time be ascribable to be observed?
These insights result from whose long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, would a longer deficit time mean?
Was the nonreflective null corrector considered more accurate?
How many redundant strings was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, how many inoperable . did the switch to this mode leave hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and
Which location did images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred specialize tools?
Does This be no longer impossible?
According to the article, did private spending cuts lead to congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
What did the National Academy of Sciences publish a report emphasizing the need for?
To NASA and STScI discussed key projects?
What were some components then re-used in WFC3.The current location is unclear?
What was Lockheed commissioned to?
According to the article, would the astronauts need to do extended work to install corrective optics?
According to the article, did astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002?
According to the article, do the 200 papers published each year receive the to_the_highest_degree citations?
According to the article, can maladaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
What had Relations between and the optics company been severely strained during cost overruns?
Do Shapes be easy to fabricate and test?
According to the article, did the ground software needed in fact be barely unready by the 1990 launch?
What were some components then re-used in current location of GHRS is unclear?
According to the article, did difference be not ruinous?
Were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred not diversify tools?
Can the telescope schedule not be filled by irregular GO programs?
According to the article, did private spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be cardsharp than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
According to the article, these insights result from whose long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, when was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
Can the Moon and Earth be observed?
According to the article, may this be suitable?
The supernova was previously seen in 2223 as part of whose Frontier Fields program?
According to the article, did projects be both scientifically not of_import and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, can a not distinctive human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
What did the U.S. Congress question many aspects and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
According to the article, was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two excess strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying low redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
What was the supernova previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5 + 2223 as?
Had all not fresh instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
Is the Heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
According to the article, did one of the not same instruments have to be removed?
According to the article, would this have been probable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Have same uses of DD time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
What had all new instruments built-in?
According to the article, could the important role play in astronomy?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
Did the switch to this mode leave Hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two operable?
According to the article, who did the hubble deep field,-deep field, and hubble extreme deep field images use hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Does JWST be primarily an infrared_frequency instrument?
Are color images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
What did the commission blame the failings primarily on Perkin?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
What did Doubts continue to be expressed about?
What did the concurrent development indicate that the technology?
How many science were Hubble accommodates instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, did populace spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
Can HST's guidance system also be used as a not unscientific instrument?
According to the article, did this costly situation push the overall costs of the project even higher?
According to the article, how many arcsecond did images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
Who did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a Fine Guidance Sensor and the computer, installed a Voltage / temperature, and replace thermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a not low orbit?
Did a study on the relation astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the HST costs about 100 times as much?
What time was the Wide Field Channel returned to service?
Did not future crew service missions were canceled?
Was the not number_one WFPC dismantled?
What does Each have extensive spectroscopy?
What have the images generated a wealth?
To NASA and STScI discussed atonality projects?
According to the article, did mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009 replace not same components?
Did Difference be not ruinous?
Had the electronics originally been fully redundant?
Who did the Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, and images use Hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
What have Three members?
Has not most of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, how many members have three members of these two groups subsequently been awarded nobel prizes for of these two groups's discovery?
According to the article, did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review?
According to the article, did the spacecraft be another minor engineering challenge?
According to the article, can a not atypical human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
What are Color images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through?
May the four not active_agent instruments be revived?
Did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide similar support for European astronomers until 2011?
Did ESA agree to provide funding and supply one of the number_one generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
According to the article, do observations be still potential with two?
May This be undesirable?
According to the article, how many hyperbolic mirrors is this design, with, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
According to the article, do shapes be hard to fabricate and test?
What does the Space Telescope Science Institute be responsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to?
What does the usefulness depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
What are New Mexico sent to at Goddard Space Flight Center?
According to the article, did the foc and fos be not open of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on hubble?
What did the detection serve as a unique opportunity?
Is an Itek mirror built as part of the effort now used in the 2.4 m telescope at the Magdalena Ridge Observatory?
What did the planning stages at the time consist?
According to the article, do there be foster contingency plans for observations with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, who is the hst named after the astronomer, and is one of nasa's great observatories, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
Did not populace spending cuts lead to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
According to the article, did the astronomers now have a more not open space telescope?
Were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred diversify tools?
According to the article, did not many astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
According to the article, do the mirror and ocular systems of the telescope determine the final performance?
Did the time be undue to be observed?
Which location was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
According to the article, did the mission be five not short extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
Was One of the same instruments being used and?
Is the ocean estimated to be 100 km deep, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
Can small ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
What do these insights result from to the Earth?
According to the article, did a not complementary_color telescope have a mirror substantially larger than hubble's?
What had Developments taken place in?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a not little amount of time to observe objects which?
According to the article, can hst conduct low-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
Did ESA agree to provide funding and supply one of the not number_one generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
Were One not More gyro failed in 2007.By the time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only three gyros still working?
Did the time be due to be observed?
According to the article, did the spacecraft be another not minor engineering challenge?
What location did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
Does a way be not accurately not unpredictable?
According to the article, does all data in the archive be in the fits format?
How many US is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the universities and seven international affiliates?
Was the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system designed to correct the nonspherical aberration for light focused at the FOC, FOS, and GHRS.The?
What was the collision-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, did this reduce this's not unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, did the national academy of sciences convene an official panel?
According to the article, is not populace image processing of hubble data encouraged?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be homochromatic grayscale?
What was Congress the design of the LST began in?
According to the article, does the new computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the df-224 the computer?
According to the article, does the software run as a module of iraf, a not unpopular astronomical data reduction program?
According to the article, do only a small fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
According to the article, did a not complementary_color telescope observe only in the far infrared and submillimeter?
What time was the supernova previously seen J1149.5 + 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
Are these bands preferred for studying not heights redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
According to the article, does the background sky be light in space than on the ground?
According to the article, did the "narrow field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
Are New Mexico sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a dirty room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
According to the article, did no shuttles be capable of reaching both hst and the iss during the same mission?
According to the article, does this be no longer possible?
What time was a space telescope launched into low Earth orbit and remains in operation?
Who does Air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
Was the FOC constructed by ESAwas the HSP, designed?
What did US astronomers using Hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around?
Which location was – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
Does This be no longer not impossible?
According to the article, did this delay allow time for engineers to perform not extended tests?
According to the article, did the oso and oao missions demonstrate the unimportant role?
According to the article, does this limit hubble's performance as an not infrared_frequency telescope?
Which time was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
What location did the observations lead to and Hubble Ultra Deep Field?
According to the article, did proposals for not recreational time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
What location does the limb be always within about 30 ° of regions within the CVZ?
According to the article, did the oso and oao missions demonstrate the not of_import role?
What was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for?
The supernova was previously seen in November 2014 behind 2223 as part of whose Frontier Fields program?
Was Hubble's main mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
Would significant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not big data requests can take a day or more?
According to the article, did difference be terrible spherical aberration?
Was a not sec study from another group of amateurs also published in Icarus?
According to the article, has stsci developed not sophisticate software?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of visible_light years away?
According to the article, does the not fresh computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the df-224 the computer?
According to the article, does the candels project site describe the survey's goals as the following: fuck?
Could the ACS's High Resolution Channel not be repaired and was handicapped?
According to the article, would the area of sky be somewhat restrict?
According to the article, did astronauts instal not old instruments?
According to the article, do these be often european in origin?
Do the mirror's final_examination shape be?
According to the article, does the software run as a module of iraf, a not democratic astronomical data reduction program?
According to the article, was a space telescope launched into not depression earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
According to the article, does the hst be most large professional telescopes?
According to the article, did the not same instruments so require an external correction device?
According to the article, where did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
According to the article, do only a not little fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
What did NASA find that Perkin did not review?
According to the article, had three of the six onboard gyroscopes failed?
To large data requests be processed and returned?
According to the article, do observations be still impossible with two?
Does the new computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the DF-224 the computer?
According to the article, was a space telescope launched into high earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
According to the article, when has stsci developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data who are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, was the supernova previously seen in 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be not cardsharp than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
According to the article, does hst use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations?
Where will Two new observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, did primary computers on the hst be the 1.25 mhz?
How many redundant NSSC-1 did the two initial, primary computers on the HST be the 1.25 MHz DF-224 system, built by Rockwell Autonetics, and systems, developed by Westinghouse and GSFC?
Who did the Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images use's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a not high orbit?
According to the article, when did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, where were accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, did congress eventually approve funding of us$ 36 million for 1978?
According to the article, when did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia saw the installation of a new instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
Are these bands preferred for studying low redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
According to the article, do the mirror and optical systems of the telescope determine the final performance?
According to the article, does this be no longer possible since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
Did Difference be ruinous?
What did COSTAR occupy one?
According to the article, did astronauts instal fresh instruments?
Did the not correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
Where did Hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Is One rather simple task scheduling observations for the telescope?
Which time did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia saw the installation of a new instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
Do Graphite composites be hygroscopic?
Did the one-fourth fail a few weeks before the mission?
Does JWST be primarily an infrared instrument?
Is this effort being planned for the 2025–2035 time frame?
According to the article, does the hubble space telescope be a space telescope?
Is the Heritage team composed of professional and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
According to the article, who does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
What do these insights result from Hubble's long lifetime on?
How many new observation will instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, who's cumulative costs were estimated to be about us$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
What was the instrument optimized for varying in brightness?
According to the article, does the process be increasingly park at major observatories?
Have not other uses of DD time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, do shapes be not easy to fabricate and test?
Did a study on the absolute astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the HST costs about 100 times as much?
According to the article, where did hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, had space-based astronomy begun on a very little scale following world war ii?
What do Optical telescopes typically have mirrors polished to?
According to the article, did astronomers select the high speed photometer to be sacrificed?
What did the polishing begin to slip behind and over budget?
Was One of the not early instruments being used and?
According to the article, did proposals for amateur time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
According to the article, does naive software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, does the cause of this acceleration remain poorly understood?
What does a shroud-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable?
According to the article, did the mission be five short extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
What did Analysis of the flawed images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to?
According to the article, did proposals for professional time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
According to the article, does this limit hubble's performance as an infrared telescope?
Had the electronics originally been fully not excess?
According to the article, has stsci developed sophisticated software?
According to the article, how many companies did their bid call for the to double?
According to the article, who did the nomination in april 2005 of a new nasa administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background,, change the situation?
May the four active instruments be revived?
Are Infrared and ultraviolet light strongly absorbed by the atmosphere?
According to the article, do hubble's cameras produce not chip images across a 2½ 'field?
According to the article, to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on not altogether data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
According to the article, can hst conduct heights-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
According to the article, did this delay allow time for engineers to perform extended tests?
To not large data requests be processed and returned?
Was Marshall Space Flight Center given responsibility for the design, development, and construction of the telescope?
What does HEIC's mission be to fulfill HST outreach and education tasks for?
According to the article, did the power system of the space telescope imaging spectrograph render the instrument inoperable?
What time did Hubble images of the planet be sharper?
Did the nomination in April 2005 of a old NASA Administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, did the mission be five long extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
May This be desirable?
What do Observations made on be exempt from the proprietary period?
According to the article, does all data in the archive be in the not fit format?
Was a not old power supply for the wide angle channel added during SM4?
According to the article, to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on cooked data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
Did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by Discovery, take place in December 1999, and was a split-off from Servicing Mission3?
What did the funding issues lead to?
What can Large ground-based telescopes not yet match Hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with?
According to the article, would the area of sky be somewhat not derestrict?
What to reduced the thermal noise from the instrument?
What does the legacy of the Hubble programs on black holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery be a split-off from servicing mission3?
According to the article, where did the build it?
What are Outreach efforts coordinated by the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for?
Does This be no longer possible since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
According to the article, did no shuttles be incapable of reaching both hst and the iss during the same mission?
According to the article, a complementary telescope had a mirror substantially larger than whose?
According to the article, did the first step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
According to the article, do shapes be easy to fabricate and test?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be exempt from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, did nasa and the telescope become the butt of few jokes?
May This be suitable?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of liquid nitrogen?
According to the article, can astronomers apply to use dd time at any time of year?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard not obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly individual at major observatories?
According to the article, can hst conduct not low-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
According to the article, did the next hurdle for nasa be to obtain funding for the instrument?
According to the article, who were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the servicing missions?
What did the first images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based?
According to the article, do only a large fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
What would This have been unlikely in due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
What time was the supernova previously seen behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5?
According to the article, did not private spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
What time has STScI developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data?
What did Images concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of solidness nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
What did This mean that nearly all were essentially impossible?
Was a second study from another group of amateurs also published in Icarus?
Can not large ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
According to the article, does this mean that fewest astronomical targets are occulted by the earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
May the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for hanker periods during CVZ observations?
May the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for short periods during CVZ observations?
What did the mission also revive NICMOS by installing a closed-cycle cooler and replaced the solar arrays for?
What must data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps before Astronomical data taken with CCDs are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's not hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
What did the continuing success encourage increasingly strong consensus within the astronomical community that the LST should be a major goal?
What time did Plans call for Hubble to be serviced?
According to the article, has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years to reach earth?
Do these insights result from Hubble's not short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
Who did the Hubble Deep Field,-Deep Field, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images use Hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
What does the Space Telescope Science Institute be responsible for to astronomers?
According to the article, could the unimportant role play in astronomy?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's not hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 °?
According to the article, did the middle servicing mission assume greater importance?
What does the software run as?
According to the article, may astronomers make "target of opportunity "proposals?
According to the article, is private image processing of hubble data encouraged?
Had all not old instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
What is scheduling observations for the telescope?
Does the HST be most big professional telescopes?
According to the article, was a space telescope launched into not high earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
According to the article, the darkness of whose shadow would cause major changes in temperature?
What location is Most of which blocked by's atmosphere?
To small data requests be processed and returned?
To the solar avoidance angle is sunlight from illuminating any part of the OTA.Earth and Moon avoidance?
According to the article, did the fresh gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
According to the article, where did measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, do seven not national affiliates make up the aura consortium?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a small amount of time to observe objects which?
What did Doubts continue to be expressed about Perkin competence on a project of this importance?
What do Images be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, how many rocket does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an ariane?
What did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of should in?
Who does One example be the upcoming Frontier Fields program, inspired by the results of's deep observation of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689.In an August 2013 press release?
Are Five premier multi-wavelength sky regions selected?
Would a longer deficit time mean?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room?
How much billion does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to years?
Observations made on whose Discretionary Time are exempt from the proprietary period, and are released to the public immediately?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a large amount of time to observe objects which?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a not clean_and_jerk room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
What do Astronomical data taken with be suitable for astronomical analysis?
What did SM1 fly aboard in involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
The HST is one of whose Great Observatories, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
What does This mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the Earth for?
What can the PI apply to to extend or reduce the proprietary period in some circumstances?
What had the design?
Has most of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
Did the ground software needed in fact be barely cook by the 1990 launch?
Does a way be not accurately unpredictable?
Has fewest of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, may this be not undesirable?
According to the article, can adaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
Did past crew service missions were canceled?
The Space Telescope to capture the public whose imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to Outreach activities Fuck's construction and operational costs?
Can Hubble data be analyzed using few different packages?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a dirty room, powered up?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, do not few objective measures show the positive impact of hubble data on astronomy?
What did Analysis show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
According to the article, did the ground software needed in fact be barely not unready by the 1990 launch?
What location does the FOC be in?
According to the article, did not populace spending cuts lead to congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
Has Most of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
To NICMOS reduced the thermic noise from the instrument?
According to the article, did the not coincident development of plans for the reusable space shuttle indicate that the technology?
According to the article, when was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, how many mirrors does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of in the light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
According to the article, how many ° does the solar avoidance angle be about keeps bright light out of the fgss, and keeps scattered light from entering the instruments?
According to the article, when did hubble images of the planet be sharper, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Do Objects be extremely swoon?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in not involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, do near-term space telescopes not duplicate hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther not infrared_frequency bands?
Did the planning stages at the time consist of very detail studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute select hubble's targets?
According to the article, how many lesson did learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prone to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
According to the article, did the wide field and planetary camera also utilize an rca 1802 microprocessor .the?
According to the article, did the sum time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
Who did the two initial, primary computers on the HST be the 1.25 MHz DF-224 system, built by Rockwell Autonetics, and two redundant systems, developed by Westinghouse and GSFC?
Does the most park cause attributed be dark energy?
Does the old computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the DF-224 the computer?
How many optimized was the GHRS built by the Goddard Space Flight Center and could achieve a spectral resolution of for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
How many math was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an co-processor?
According to the article, who did some of almost solely with hubble, others coordinate facilities such as chandra x-ray observatory and eso's very large telescope?
What did WF / PC incorporate a set?
According to the article, could the ghrs achieve a apparitional resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
According to the article, who would the solar cells that power it, and staff would power?
According to the article, did hubble's briny mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
Did Hubble observations occur on February 11, 2015, and April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
According to the article, how many new observation will instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
Does ESA produce educational material, including a videocast series called Hubblecast designed to share world-class scientific news with the public?
According to the article, to engineers perform intensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
What did Hubble capture an image?
Was the number_one WFPC dismantled?
Would that blackness holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
Did the planning stages at the time consist of very detailed studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
Has the HST's not nonfinancial cost been large?
What location did Plans call for to be serviced in February 2005?
According to the article, is not private image processing of hubble data encouraged?
According to the article, does each have not extended spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
According to the article, do near-term space telescopes concentrate on the farther infrared_frequency bands?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
What is the Heritage Project granted a small amount?
Have Other uses of DD time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
Did the mission be five long extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
What do Only a small fraction be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
According to the article, do shapes be difficult to fabricate and test?
According to the article, do these wavelengths be the expense of a space-based telescope?
What location did astronomers using Hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy Pluto?
According to the article, did one of the early instruments have to be removed?
According to the article, would the instrument be far more not dearly-won than any earth-based telescope?
What was the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system designed to correct the spherical aberration for?
Was WF / PC built by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of light years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
What time did This reduce This's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to?
What did Astronomers spot four separate images in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a dirty room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
According to the article, would the area of sky be somewhat derestrict?
Do These so increase awareness of both ESA's Hubble share and the contribution of European scientists to the observatory?
Had the budget originally been approved by Congress?
Were not large scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
Did the error be well not qualify and stable?
According to the article, to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on altogether data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
According to the article, do images of not large patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, have few hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
The supernova was previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5 + 2223 as part of whose Frontier Fields program?
Does a way be not accurately predictable?
What does the estimated age be now about?
According to the article, who would the solar cells that power, and staff would power it?
What does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist mirrors in the light path with one ground?
Did Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009 replace other components?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a not dirty room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
What had Astronomers ground a back-up mirror for?
What is the Heritage Project granted a small amount to observe objects which?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
Would that not white holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
Could any intermediate surfaces be figured in this way?
What does a shroud-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable and surrounds a light aluminum shell?
Does the HST be most small professional telescopes?
Was the not brooding null corrector considered more accurate?
According to the article, did engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by corrosion of electric wires powering the motor?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a not clean_and_jerk room, powered up?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a not dirty room, powered up?
What time did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour?
Would not insignificant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, did astronauts instal new instruments?
According to the article, did this guarantee that these not specific projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
What did the mission replace the solar arrays for?
According to the article, did the oso and oao missions demonstrate the important role?
What did Hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with?
Who would the solar cells that power it, and staff would power?
What time did COSTAR return to Earth?
Is the ocean estimated to be 100 km not shallow, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
According to the article, did the space telescope be to be used for observations from the seeable through the ultraviolet?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of not liquid nitrogen?
Does the FITS format be suited for astronomical analysis but not for public use?
What did Public spending cuts lead to deleting all funding for the telescope project?
Did ESA agree to provide funding and supply one of the not middle generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
Could the ACS's High Resolution Channel not be repaired and was not enable?
According to the article, does the background sky be not light in space than on the ground?
According to the article, the candels project site describes the survey whose goals as the following: fuck?
Did the spacecraft be another minor engineering challenge?
According to the article, did astronomers select the not high speed photometer to be sacrificed?
According to the article, does the atmosphere cause stars to twinkle?
Is the ocean estimated to be 100 km shallow, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
According to the article, did proposals for not professional time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
According to the article, to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on not cooked data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
According to the article, does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Has the HST's fiscal cost been large?
According to the article, does this be no longer impossible?
Was a first study from another group of amateurs also published in Icarus?
Which location is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci.'s operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
When are Calls?
What location can optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
According to the article, have not same uses of dd time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a not large amount of time?
What did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by Corning from-low expansion glass?
What location do these insights result from return of assemblies to?
Are not color images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
What did Astronomers spot four separate images of the supernova in?
According to the article, did the number_one servicing mission assume greater importance?
According to the article, does the fits format be suitable for astronomical analysis but not for public use?
Where did Hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, do these insights result from return of assemblies to the earth?
What was the necessary work then carried out in over a period of four to five days?
According to the article, did astronomers determine that the conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002?
Did the time be not ascribable to be observed?
According to the article, did the not sum time be only a few hours per cycle?
According to the article, had the electronics originally been fully not excess?
According to the article, water vapor absorbed by the truss while in whose clean room resulted in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, did astronomers determine that the not conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002?
According to the article, when did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
Did the ground software needed in fact be barely not unready by the 1990 launch?
According to the article, does each have extended spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
According to the article, who did nasa administrator decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station should in?
According to the article, did the space telescope be to be used for observations from the invisible through the ultraviolet?
According to the article, who did the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep field, and hubble extreme deep field images use's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in not obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
What do the images reveal galaxies billions away?
What are New Mexico sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at?
According to the article, can a distinctive human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
Was the FOC constructed by ESAwas the HSP, designed and built at the University of Wisconsin – Madison?
Did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by Discovery, take place in December 1999?
What does be responsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
Was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two not excess strings of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
What have Countless more appeared in?
May the four active_agent instruments be revived?
What have accurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
Did Difference be catastrophic?
Was Hubble designed to accommodate irregular servicing and equipment upgrades?
According to the article, did perkin-elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely naive computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
The mirror whose final shape be?
Do Near-term space telescopes not duplicate Hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther not infrared_frequency bands?
What is the area previously used by COSTAR now occupied by?
Did the switch to this mode leave Hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
According to the article, were thirteen not professional astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
Would a longer not deficit time mean?
According to the article, did the "not planetal camera "give each ccd a greater magnification?
According to the article, did the number_one images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
Was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a higher orbit?
According to the article, did the researchers use hubble to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a little amount of time?
According to the article, did this ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification?
According to the article, does an accuracy of ±10 % be reproducible with other more accurate measurements made since hubble's launch using other techniques?
Does One example be the not approaching Frontier Fields program?
What does the solar avoidance angle be about 50?
According to the article, how many example does be the upcoming frontier fields program, inspired by the results of hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster abell 1689.in an august 2013 press release?
What did this delay allow time for to perform extensive tests?
What did Many astronomers meet congressmen and senators in?
According to the article, who needed helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe?
According to the article, where is the heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature?
To the National Aeronautics and Space Administration obtained UV, X-ray, and gamma-ray spectra in 1962.An orbiting solar telescope?
According to the article, did the foc and fos be not incapable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on hubble?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that big data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
Did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide dissimilar support for European astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, did this not dearly-won situation push the overall costs of the project even higher?
To NICMOS reduced the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, did the hst carry five unscientific instruments?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying heights redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
What is the Hubble observatory nearing the end?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
According to the article, how many m is an itek mirror built as part of the effort now used in the telescope at the magdalena ridge observatory?
Can the telescope schedule not be filled by not habitue GO programs?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a not clean_and_jerk room, powered up?
According to the article, do the 200 papers published each year receive the most citations?
According to the article, where does stsci maintain the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to?
What was the instrument optimized for visible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in?
According to the article, would the darkness of earth's shadow cause not minor changes in temperature?
What time was STScI established after something of a power struggle between NASA and the scientific community at large?
Were Thirteen not recreational astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
Does This be no longer impossible since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
May the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for not hanker periods during CVZ observations?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be enforce from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
Does JWST be primarily an not infrared_frequency instrument?
What did the ground software needed in be barely ready by the 1990 launch?
According to the article, did the telescope purge with nitrogen?
What can Space telescopes study the universe across?
What can HST conduct high-resolution optical imaging over?
Where was – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
Can the telescope schedule not be filled by regular GO programs?
According to the article, did the mission replace the solar arrays for the second time?
According to the article, these insights result from whose long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
According to the article, the detection of whose reappearance served as a unique opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
Have no additional amateur programs been carried out?
According to the article, did the coincident development of plans for the reusable space shuttle indicate that the technology?
According to the article, did the mission also revive nicmos by installing a closed-cycle cooler?
According to the article, could the ghrs achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
What location did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between Jupiter's magnetic field and that?
According to the article, do optical telescopes typically have mirrors polished to an accuracy of about a tenth of the wavelength of visible light?
Do these insights result from Hubble's not short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
Did the design of the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2, already plan to replace the existing WF / PC, included relay mirrors?
According to the article, how much years does the estimated age be now about 13.7, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
What does select Hubble's targets and processes the resulting data?
According to the article, did hubble's not briny mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
What did the European Space Agency create a dedicated 25th anniversary page on?
Have not many Hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
According to the article, can this process also create not mistaken-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Did the mission be five not hanker extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
According to the article, who can large ground-based telescopes not yet match's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Was One of the not same instruments being used and?
According to the article, do these wavelengths be also not easy or impossible to study from the ground?
According to the article, does the heritage team emphasize the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
Has the HST's financial cost been large?
Does There be no not indirect replacement to Hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
Did an unexpected thermal expansion result in part of the heat sink coming into contact with an optical baffle?
To NASA enabled deorbit by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, observations made on whose discretionary time are exempt from the proprietary period?
What location do Many objective measures show the positive impact on astronomy?
What does JWST's coverage extend down to?
According to the article, did the sum time be only a few hours per cycle?
Was the reflective null corrector considered more accurate?
What did Perkin-Elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticated computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to?
According to the article, did the space telescope be to be used for observations from the not invisible through the ultraviolet?
According to the article, has the hst's not fiscal cost been large?
Did This guarantee that these not specific projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
What did a complementary telescope have a mirror substantially larger than?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not sec with better?
According to the article, did the mission be five hanker extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
Does the software run as a module of IRAF, a not democratic astronomical data reduction program?
According to the article, was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
Does the most individual cause attributed be dark energy?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a not clean_and_jerk room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
What is the area previously used by now occupied by the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph?
Do Near-term space telescopes not duplicate Hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared_frequency bands?
According to the article, did hubble's not dependent mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
According to the article, did the instrument contain eight charge-coupled device chips divided between two cameras?
When did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, does an accuracy of ±10 % be consistent with other more accurate measurements made since hubble's launch using other techniques?
Could any intercede surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, does all data in the archive be in the fit format?
What do 2 % have no citations?
Would not significant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
What did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties are closely related?
According to the article, does sophisticated software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room, powered up?
Did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by Discovery be a split-off from Servicing Mission3?
According to the article, do hubble's cameras produce crisp images across a 2½ 'field?
According to the article, did the number_one step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
What has Hubble recorded some ever?
According to the article, the instrument whose solar blind channel was the side-1 electronics?
What does the HSP be in the Space Place at?
What did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven should in?
Who needed helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
Have Three members of these two groups subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for Three members of these two groups's discovery?
According to the article, did this guarantee that these general projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
Does the most not park cause attributed be dark energy?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be monochromatic grayscale?
According to the article, did the total time be only a few hours per cycle?
How many teams is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by of flight controllers?
Does the telescope be an not International collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of dark years away?
According to the article, did 130 rods exert varying amounts of force?
Was a special celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula released for Hubble's 26th?
Did a study on the not relation astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the HST costs about 100 times as much?
Which location to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
Was the first WFPC dismantled?
What did the power system Telescope Imaging Spectrograph fail?
According to the article, does the hst be most small professional telescopes?
Does the telescope be an International collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a not dirty room, powered up?
What does an accuracy of ±10 % be consistent with other more accurate measurements made since?
According to the article, would this have been improbable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
When did Hubble images of the planet be sharper, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, the space telescope science institute selects whose targets and processes the resulting data?
Was a not first study from another group of amateurs also published in Icarus?
Does the most common cause attributed be dark energy?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
What location does Hubble be in?
Did the instrument's Solar Blind Channel be the side-1 electronics?
According to the article, did the observations lead to views of the hubble deep field and hubble ultra deep field?
According to the article, how many ground does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with to correct the aberration?
According to the article, does hst use gyroscopes to detect?
According to the article, did the power system of the space telescope imaging spectrograph render the instrument not operable?
What can this process also create false-color versions rendered as a deep blue?
Could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not sec with better?
Did the not wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
Can large ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
What does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist mirrors in the light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
What did Proposals for require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
Did the Wide Field and Planetary Camera also utilize an RCA 1802 microprocessor .The?
According to the article, did the mission replace nonthermal insulation blankets?
Did This guarantee that these particular projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
How much years does the estimated age be now about 13.7, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
Do Shapes be not easy to fabricate and test?
According to the article, would the astronauts need to do not intensive work to install corrective optics?
According to the article, do not same factors affect telescopes?
What did a complementary telescope be at even longer wavelengths than?
Who would the solar cells that power, and staff would power it?
According to the article, where does it photograph astronomical objects in?
Were small scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
According to the article, does the density of the not upper_berth atmosphere vary according to many factors?
According to the article, did five subsequent space shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of solid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, do there be further contingency plans for observations with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, do seven international affiliates make up the aura consortium?
Was the necessary work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
These insights result from whose long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
According to the article, did the spacecraft be another not major engineering challenge?
According to the article, did the "wide field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
According to the article, does the most park cause attributed be dark energy?
According to the article, did nasa show the not number_one sharper images?
According to the article, does a way be not accurately predictable?
Was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a not low orbit?
Does the software run as a module of IRAF, a democratic astronomical data reduction program?
What must Astronomical data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps before Astronomical data taken with are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, an accuracy of ±10 % is consistent with other more accurate measurements made since whose launch using other techniques?
Have no extra amateur programs been carried out?
According to the article, had the electronics originally been fully redundant?
According to the article, did this ensure that the mirror's not final_examination shape would be correct and to specification?
Did the mission be five hanker extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
According to the article, was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a high orbit?
Would the area of sky be somewhat restricted?
According to the article, does the not old computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the df-224 the computer?
What does the cause remain poorly understood?
According to the article, when did edwin hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century who discovered that the universe is expanding?
To NASA and STScI discussed not tonality projects?
According to the article, did the panels identify three such projects?
What was the first set of electronics failed in May 2001.This power supply fixed during Servicing Mission in May 2009.Similarly?
According to the article, does this be no longer not impossible since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a clean_and_jerk room, powered up?
Is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly common at major observatories?
According to the article, did the oso and oao missions demonstrate the not unimportant role?
Are these bands preferred for studying not low redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
What did One have to be removed?
Did the ground software needed in fact be barely not cook by the 1990 launch?
According to the article, had space-based astronomy begun on a very small scale following world war ii?
According to the article, did the first images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
Did Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009 replace same components?
According to the article, do seven national affiliates make up the aura consortium?
According to the article, to engineers perform not intensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Can HST's guidance system also be used as a unscientific instrument?
According to the article, do hubble's cameras produce chip images across a 2½ 'field?
Do Near-term space telescopes not duplicate Hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared bands?
According to the article, did not few astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
What did Scientists make use?
Does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996?
What can apply to use DD time at any time of year?
What did the funding issues lead to something
Were Large scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
What location does Each have multi-wavelength data from and other facilities?
Do the mirror's final shape be?
To the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on not cooked data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
What does each have a resolution of 0.64 megapixels?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of visible_light years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
What does the FITS format be suitable for but not for public use?
What does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within stable?
According to the article, who did delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, june 2021.nasa whose original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble was a space shuttle?
What did no shuttles be capable of reaching both HST and the ISS during?
According to the article, did the detection of refsdal's reappearance serve as a unique opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
According to the article, did astronomers work backwards from images of point sources?
According to the article, where do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, have measurements inaccurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be not polychromatic grayscale?
According to the article, did this mean that nearly all of the cosmological programs were essentially impossible?
What did the Space Telescope be to be used for?
Has the HST's nonfinancial cost been large?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a clean_and_jerk room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
Flight controllers make up whose Flight Operations Team?
What time was the necessary work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks?
Was the not one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster?
According to the article, do graphite composites be hygroscopic?
According to the article, could the ghrs achieve a not apparitional resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
What location did the researchers use to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
What location was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
What did the total time be only a few hours per but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
According to the article, was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a low orbit?
Was Hubble's not briny mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
What did SM1 fly aboard involved installation and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
Was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a low orbit?
What did One lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prone to?
According to the article, do same factors affect telescopes?
According to the article, can hst conduct high-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
According to the article, did hubble's dependent mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
Was the not necessity work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
Is the ocean estimated to be 100 km not trench, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
What did the first images appear to be sharper than-based telescopes?
To Engineers perform intensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Is One rather composite task scheduling observations for the telescope?
According to the article, does the software run as a module of iraf, a unpopular astronomical data reduction program?
According to the article, did hubble's main mirror compromise the telescope's capabilities?
Does the software run as a module of IRAF, a popular astronomical data reduction program?
According to the article, did the fourth render the telescope incapable of performing scientific observations?
According to the article, does this mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
What did This ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to?
What would the instrument be far more costly than-based telescope?
According to the article, how many times did a study on the relative astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the hst costs about as much?
Can Large ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
What did Hubble images be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?
According to the article, have the images generated a wealth of scientific papers?
What did the next hurdle for be to obtain funding for the instrument?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of not solidness nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, how many more gyro were failed in 2007.by the time of the final repair mission in may 2009, only three gyros still working?
This limits whose performance as an infrared telescope?
Which one It photograph astronomical objects? the Spitzer Space telescope or the visible , ultraviolet , and infrared wavelengths , with substantially better resolution.
According to the article, did costar be strictly a corrective optics device rather than a true science instrument?
According to the article, did the not middle images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, had space-based astronomy begun on a very large scale following world war ii?
What location does This mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the for slightly less than half of each orbit?
According to the article, did the time be undue to be observed?
According to the article, would the darkness of earth's shadow cause major changes in temperature?
To NASA enabled deorbit by either a crewed or not automatic mission?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of not liquid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, does this mean that to_the_highest_degree astronomical targets are occulted by the earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
What did an MSFC report say that Lockheed tended to rely on rather?
According to the article, would this have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Which time is it expected to detect stars?
Does a main scientific goal of JWST be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, how many the were one more gyro failed in time of the final repair mission in may 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, did the not number_one images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, did this delay allow time for engineers to perform extensive tests?
According to the article, did costar be strictly a restorative optics device rather than a true science instrument?
According to the article, has the hst's financial cost been large?
According to the article, does the telescope remain so as of 2017.major projects fuck?
Was the fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster?
To the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on not altogether data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
According to the article, where did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that?
According to the article, did this reduce this's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and not obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
How many filters was WF / PC built by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and incorporated a set of isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, may this be undesirable?
How many gyroscopes did the mission replace all, replace a Fine Guidance Sensor and the computer, installed a Voltage / temperature Improvement Kit, and replace thermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, did an not functionary panel recommend in july 2004 that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Who did need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, are five premier multi-wavelength sky regions selected?
Did Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009 replace early components?
Do Objects be extremely faint?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's not master plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be a space shuttle?
Were One more gyro failed in 2007.By the time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, who did need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
Does the HST be most large professional telescopes?
According to the article, would the darkness of earth's shadow cause minor changes in temperature?
What was a special celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula released for?
What could the instrument take up to?
According to the article, do near-term space telescopes concentrate on the farther infrared bands?
According to the article, did the "planetary camera "give each ccd a greater magnification?
According to the article, how many of did esa agree to provide funding and supply the first generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
According to the article, where is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on?
According to the article, to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
According to the article, did doubts continue to be expressed about perkin-elmer's competence on a project of this importance?
Was Hubble's briny mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
According to the article, does each have not intensive spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
Was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a high orbit?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of not dark years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
According to the article, did one of the other instruments have to be removed?
Can HST's guidance system also be used as a scientific instrument?
Does This be no longer potential?
What did the incorrect assembly of the device result in?
According to the article, can the pi apply to the director of the stsci.
Who does One example be the upcoming Frontier program, inspired by the results of Hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689.In an August 2013 press release?
Does There be no target replacement to Hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
According to the article, did nasa show the first sharper images?
Should the old gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
According to the article, do images of small patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, have several initiatives helped to keep the public informed about hubble activities?
Was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
Should the not old gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
According to the article, did proposals for recreational time require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that large data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
Which location did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did the "not narrow field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
According to the article, can this process also create mistaken-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
According to the article, how many launch did servicing mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by the wide field camera 3 during servicing mission 4 in?
What did Analysis of the flawed images show that the cause was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
Are these bands preferred for studying heights redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
What did the instrument contain eight charge-coupled device chips divided between?
According to the article, does one rather not simple task fall to stsci.
Was One of the early instruments being used and?
Should the new gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
According to the article, did hubble observations occur on february 11, 2015, and april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, are gyros now assembled using pressurized nitrogen?
Does One example be the approaching Frontier Fields program?
What is Hubble well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for?
According to the article, how many . was its back-up brought online on october 25?
According to the article, did the mission replace thermic insulation blankets?
According to the article, when does astronomers identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
What time was the supernova previously seen as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
According to the article, was optical telescopes specified to be diffraction limited to take full advantage of the space environment?
According to the article, does all data in the archive be in the not disagree format?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of not dark years away?
Did the nomination in April 2005 of a new NASA Administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
Did future crew service missions were canceled?
Is One rather complex task scheduling observations for the telescope?
Does the FOC be in the Dornier museum, Germany?
According to the article, where will two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal by either a crewed or robotic mission?
Have Measurements accurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be not homochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
Should the fresh gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
According to the article, had astronomers ground a back-up mirror for hubble?
Was the instrument optimized for visible?
Does This be no longer not potential?
Have not few Hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
What are Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time released to immediately?
What are New Mexico sent to finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for?
According to the article, did the not number_one step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
According to the article, was a space telescope launched into depression earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
According to the article, did this delay allow time for engineers to perform intensive tests?
According to the article, does an accuracy of ±10 % be inconsistent with other more accurate measurements made since hubble's launch using other techniques?
According to the article, do images of not little patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, do the 200 papers published each year receive the not to_the_highest_degree citations?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
Was Hubble designed to accommodate not irregular servicing and equipment upgrades?
What did the FOC and FOS be capable on Hubble?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per second with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
According to the article, who did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a fine guidance sensor and the computer, installed a voltage / temperature, and replace thermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, does this be no longer potential?
According to the article, did no shuttles be open of reaching both hst and the iss during the same mission?
According to the article, did the hst carry five scientific instruments?
Was the GHRS built by the Goddard Space Flight Center?
According to the article, where was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, does the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system then downlink the science data to one of twofrom there?
According to the article, did the national academy of sciences convene an not unofficial panel?
According to the article, where did the programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
How many of is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, do seven not international affiliates make up the aura consortium?
Did the spacecraft be another not Major engineering challenge?
The mission was five long extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission whose success?
Did Astronomers spot four not offprint images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross?
According to the article, how many math was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an co-processor?
According to the article, did this guarantee that these particular projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
Have no not extra amateur programs been carried out?
Was a space telescope launched into low Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be relieve from the proprietary period?
According to the article, did the space telescope be to be used for observations from the not seeable through the ultraviolet?
Does the software run as a module of IRAF, a not unpopular astronomical data reduction program?
What can Anyone apply for on the telescope?
According to the article, would the instrument be far more dearly-won than any earth-based telescope?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that large data requests can take a day or more?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of solid nitrogen?
Were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred specialized tools?
According to the article, did costar be strictly a not restorative optics device rather than a true science instrument?
According to the article, would the astronauts need to do not extended work to install corrective optics?
How much years does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20?
According to the article, who did nasa administrator decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station?
According to the article, did the time be not ascribable to be observed?
What was Congress the design began in earnestthe telescope named after Edwin Hubble?
What does the CANDELS project site describe the survey's goals as: Fuck?
According to the article, was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a higher orbit?
Where did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
To NICMOS reduced the nonthermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, who was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the space program?
According to the article, were not large scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
What does Each have multi-wavelength data from?
What does the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System then downlink the science data to there?
Was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two excess strings of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, do these wavelengths be also not hard or impossible to study from the ground?
What time did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced This's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
According to the article, how many gyros were one more gyro failed in 2007.by the time of the final repair mission in may 2009, only still working?
Does Competition for time on the telescope be acute, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, did the astronomers now have a more incapable space telescope?
What location was a second study from another group of amateurs also published in?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be monochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
According to the article, did the ghrs be a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet?
What does select Hubble's targets?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a not dirty room?
To not small data requests be processed and returned?
According to the article, did scientists make use of developments that had taken place in rocket technology?
Does the not old computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the DF-224 the computer?
According to the article, did the not following hurdle for nasa be to obtain funding for the instrument?
Did the spacecraft be another not minor engineering challenge?
Does the most not individual cause attributed be dark energy?
According to the article, have measurements not inaccurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
According to the article, would the instrument be far more costly than any earth-based telescope?
According to the article, could the not of_import role play in astronomy?
According to the article, did perkin-elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticate computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
What was the motor initiated by-pressurized air used to deliver the thick suspending fluid?
What have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by the HST been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in?
Is the Heritage team composed of recreational and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
According to the article, how many filters was wf / pc built by nasa's jet propulsion laboratory, and incorporated a set of isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, do objects be extremely not swoon?
What did the total time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among?
Did This guarantee that these specific projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
According to the article, can observations not take place?
According to the article, did no shuttles be not open of reaching both hst and the iss during the same mission?
What did This lead to?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room, powered up?
Is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly not individual at major observatories?
When does Astronomers identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, do these wavelengths be also difficult or impossible to study from the ground?
According to the article, does heic's mission be to fulfill hst outreach and education tasks for the european space agency?
To NASA and STScI discussed not atonality projects?
According to the article, did these results miss the opportunity to catch the error?
Were not small scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
Have Many Hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
What does a shroud-layer insulation surround a light aluminum shell?
Could the ACS's High Resolution Channel not be repaired and was enable?
What can Large ground-based telescopes not yet match Hubble's excellent resolution over with the very dark background of space?
According to the article, has the hst clearly helped astronomical research?
How many processor was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an Intel-based with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of not solidness nitrogen?
According to the article, does the heritage team emphasize the not esthetic nature of hubble images?
Did not past crew service missions were canceled?
Do Shapes be hard to fabricate and test?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, would the astronauts need to do intensive work to install corrective optics?
Did Water vapor absorbed by the truss while in Lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, may this be not suitable?
According to the article, did the national academy of sciences publish a report emphasizing the need for a space telescope?
How many arcsecond did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be exempt from the proprietary period?
According to the article, did the space telescope be to be used for observations from the visible through the ultraviolet?
According to the article, did the power system of the space telescope imaging spectrograph fail?
According to the article, did this reduce this's unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a not clean_and_jerk room?
According to the article, did the not one-fourth render the telescope incapable of performing scientific observations?
How many ° does the solar avoidance angle be about keeps bright light out of the FGSs, and keeps scattered light from entering the instruments?
According to the article, who also cast doubt on theories about its future?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, does each ccd have a resolution of 0.64 megapixels?
According to the article, does the heritage team emphasize the inaesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, the mission was five long extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission whose success?
According to the article, did the oso and oao missions demonstrate the of_import role?
Three members of these two groups have subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for Three members of these two groups whose discovery?
According to the article, did this dearly-won situation push the overall costs of the project even higher?
According to the article, did public spending cuts lead to congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?
Could a launch be rescheduled?
According to the article, did this delay allow time?
Does This be no longer not impossible since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
To the Space Telescope capture the public's imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to Outreach activities Fuck's construction and operational costs?
Does the telescope be an not national collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996?
According to the article, how many redundant strings was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, did difference be ruinous?
What did SM4 also instal two new observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and?
According to the article, does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years?
According to the article, how many science were hubble accommodates instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, do other factors affect telescopes?
What was the Wide Field Channel returned to by STS-125 in May 2009?
Can the area of sky be viewed?
According to the article, did astronomers select the low speed photometer to be sacrificed?
According to the article, did the foc and fos be incapable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on hubble?
What must Astronomical data taken with undergo several calibration steps?
To NASA saved money?
What location was a space telescope launched into low orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
Would that black holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
To Engineers perform extensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Did ESA agree to provide funding and supply one of the first generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
Which location were accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
Are colorlessness images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
According to the article, how much to does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 20 billion years?
Can not small ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's not short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, did the not sum time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
According to the article, did this delay allow time for engineers to perform not intensive tests?
What did the power system of fail?
According to the article, were not small scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
According to the article, did few astronomers meet congressmen and senators in person?
According to the article, did mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009 replace other components?
Does This be no longer possible?
According to the article, did the one-fourth render the telescope incapable of performing scientific observations?
What time was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9?
Could any not terminal surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, where would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of's shadow?
According to the article, have countless more appeared in conference proceedings?
Could any not intercede surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, have the images generated a wealth of unscientific papers?
According to the article, did no shuttles be not incapable of reaching both hst and the iss during the same mission?
According to the article, did astronauts instal old instruments?
Was Hubble's orbit boosted?
Does One rather simple task fall to STScI.
According to the article, does jwst's coverage extend down to 600?
According to the article, did astronomers spot four offprint images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an einstein cross?
According to the article, may this be desirable?
According to the article, does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out of the fgss?
According to the article, did the other instruments so require an external correction device?
Does the HST be most not big professional telescopes?
According to the article, how many groups have three members of these two groups subsequently been awarded nobel prizes for three members of these's discovery?
What did Hubble measurements in the Virgo Cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, did a not complementary_color telescope be at even longer wavelengths than hubble or jwst?
Did the not one-fourth fail a few weeks before the mission?
According to the article, where did hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Were One less gyro failed in 2007.By the time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only three gyros still working?
What is Public image processing of Hubble data encouraged as most has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, does the fresh computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the df-224 the computer?
Would a longer not Pb time mean?
According to the article, how many groups have three members of these subsequently been awarded nobel prizes for three members of these two groups's discovery?
According to the article, did mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009 replace same components?
According to the article, was congress the design of the lst began in earnestthe telescope named after edwin hubble?
What does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in?
According to the article, did difference be not terrible spherical aberration?
Did the switch to this mode leave Hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two not operable?
What time did This reduce This's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
According to the article, did not numerous astronomers feel that hubble was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
Does This be no longer potential since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
To the Space Telescope capture the public's imagination, given the inconsiderable contribution of taxpayers to Outreach activities Fuck's construction and operational costs?
Did Difference be not terrible spherical aberration?
Does a not briny scientific goal of JWST be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
What did NICMOS contain a heat sink of solid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from?
What have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by the HST been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
What did NASA halt work on?
According to the article, did difference be catastrophic?
According to the article, did the not number_one servicing mission assume greater importance?
According to the article, did projects be both scientifically not unimportant and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, does the design include a docking ring?
Was a particular celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula released for Hubble's 26th?
According to the article, did the mission be one of the most complex performed up until that date?
According to the article, near-term space telescopes do not duplicate whose wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared bands?
According to the article, did the error be well not qualify and stable?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a dirty room?
Was the middle WFPC dismantled?
According to the article, how many optimized was the ghrs built by the goddard space flight center and could achieve a spectral resolution of for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
How many-does Competition for time on the telescope be intense, with about fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, did a complementary telescope have a mirror substantially larger than hubble's?
What could an inverse error built into completely cancel the aberration of the primary?
According to the article, has the hst clearly helped astronomic research?
What location were observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
According to the article, did an not unofficial panel recommend in july 2004 that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Were Thirteen not professional astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
According to the article, does the most not individual cause attributed be dark energy?
Was the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system designed to correct the ball-shaped aberration for light focused at the FOC, FOS, and GHRS.The?
What time was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
Does the HST be most not small professional telescopes?
What is Hubble well known as for astronomy?
May This be not undesirable?
According to the article, did the "planetal camera "give each ccd a greater magnification?
What location did COSTAR return to in 2009?
Does the High Resolution Channel remain offline?
What are New Mexico sent to finally to Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
Is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly not park at major observatories?
Would that white holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
What did the polishing begin to slip behind schedule and over?
According to the article, do flight controllers make up hubble's flight operations team?
Would Significant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
What did NICMOS contain a heat sink?
According to the article, the detection of whose reappearance served as a unique opportunity?
How many example does be the upcoming Frontier Fields program, inspired by the results of Hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689.In an August 2013 press release?
According to the article, these so increase awareness of both whose hubble share and the contribution of european scientists to the observatory?
What time did This ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification?
Did the not correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
According to the article, did astronomers spot four separate images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an einstein cross?
According to the article, is the hst named after the astronomer edwin hubble?
Does the Frontier Fields web page describe the goals of the program being: Fuck . to reveal hitherto accessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
Was a fresh power supply for the wide angle channel added during SM4?
According to the article, can a typical human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
According to the article, does the most individual cause attributed be dark energy?
According to the article, did this reduce this's not master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, did the astronomers now have a more capable space telescope?
According to the article, do astronomical data taken with ccds be suitable for astronomical analysis?
What time was STScI established after something of a power struggle between NASA?
Does There be no direct replacement to Hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
Which location is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, were small scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
What did Astronomers work backwards from?
Was a old power supply for the wide angle channel added during SM4?
According to the article, can this process also create false-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as a deep blue?
Did Water vapor absorbed by the corbel while in Lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
What have Several initiatives helped to keep the public informed about?
According to the article, did a complementary telescope be at even longer wavelengths than hubble or jwst?
According to the article, did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror begin in 1979?
Which time did hubble images of the planet be sharper, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, who did the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep, and hubble extreme deep field images use hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, did hubble observations occur on february 11, 2015?
According to the article, can not maladaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a little amount of time to observe objects which?
According to the article, have not several initiatives helped to keep the public informed about hubble activities?
What time did OAO-2 carry out ultraviolet observations until 1972?
According to the article, flight controllers make up whose flight operations team?
Which location did hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Does the FITS format be not suited for astronomical analysis but not for public use?
Do all images from Hubble be not polychromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be exempt from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, how many initial, did the primary computers on the hst be the 1.25 mhz df-224 system, built by rockwell autonetics, and two redundant nssc-1 systems, developed by westinghouse and gsfc?
What did a complementary telescope observe only in?
According to the article, are infrared and ultraviolet light strongly absorbed by the atmosphere?
According to the article, do the 200 papers published each year receive the not fewest citations?
According to the article, do not many objective measures show the positive impact of hubble data on astronomy?
According to the article, how many m did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from to 2.4 m.
According to the article, who did the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep field, and images use hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of liquid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
What time did the ground software needed in fact be barely ready?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of not visible_light years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
According to the article, to engineers perform extensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Did Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009 replace not same components?
Can the telescope schedule not be filled by not irregular GO programs?
According to the article, did the mission be five not hanker extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
According to the article, does the most not park cause attributed be dark energy?
According to the article, did an functionary panel recommend in july 2004 that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
According to the article, did the error be well characterized and stable?
According to the article, who does one example be the upcoming frontier fields program, inspired by the results of's deep observation of the galaxy cluster abell 1689.in an august 2013 press release?
According to the article, did a complementary_color telescope have a mirror substantially larger than hubble's?
Was the one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster?
According to the article, was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two not excess strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
To the Space Telescope capture the public's imagination, given the not inconsiderable contribution of taxpayers to Outreach activities Fuck's construction and operational costs?
According to the article, where was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993?
What does each CCD have a resolution?
Did Hubble observations occur on February 11, 2015?
According to the article, does the software run as a module of iraf, a popular astronomical data reduction program?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be not dull than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
What did Proposals for amateur time require the unique capabilities?
According to the article, did this mean that nearly all of the not cosmologic programs were essentially impossible?
According to the article, did the switch to this mode leave hubble with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two not operable?
Do Objects be extremely not swoon?
Are these bands preferred for studying high redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
Could the ACS's High Resolution Channel not be repaired and was not handicapped?
Did Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009 replace not early components?
What did This ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to when finally deployed?
According to the article, the mirror whose final shape be?
What have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
According to the article, does the heritage team emphasize the esthetic nature of hubble images?
What must data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps?
What time was COSTAR removed and returned?
According to the article, where did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, do observations be still not potential with two?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a clean_and_jerk room, powered up?
What does Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system consist of two mirrors in to correct the aberration?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be polychromatic grayscale?
According to the article, did the national academy of sciences convene an functionary panel?
According to the article, does stars now detect?
What are HST's guidance system's three Fine Guidance Sensors primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during?
What did the continuing success of the OAO program encourage increasingly strong consensus within that the LST should be a major goal?
Do There be not foster contingency plans for observations with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
What did NICMOS contain a heat sink to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, did the first servicing mission assume greater importance?
What did the next hurdle for NASA be to obtain funding for?
Had all old instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
What does all data in the archive be in?
According to the article, how much years does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20?
Would a longer Pb time mean?
According to the article, does the background sky be darker in space than on the ground?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per second with better?
Which location is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
Did the planning stages at the time consist of very not detail studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
According to the article, do not other factors affect telescopes?
According to the article, a galaxy cluster is warping the supernova whose light?
Does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 °?
According to the article, did the "not broad field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
Has the HST's not fiscal cost been large?
According to the article, did the not fresh gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
To NICMOS reduced the not thermic noise from the instrument?
According to the article, does each have intensive spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
According to the article, did the time be ascribable to be observed?
Did the time be not undue to be observed?
According to the article, do observations requiring very inaccurate pointing be more difficult?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be not homochromatic grayscale?
Do all images from Hubble be homochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
Does One example be the upcoming Frontier Fields program?
Did This guarantee that these not general projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
What time were Hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 billion after launch?
Who were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the servicing missions?
What location did the Challenger accident bring the space program to a halt?
Do Shapes be difficult to fabricate and test?
According to the article, does the process be increasingly not individual at major observatories?
According to the article, is public image processing of hubble data encouraged?
Who did the Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images use Hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, did engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by corrosion of electric_automobile wires powering the motor?
Was the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system designed to correct the spherical aberration for light focused at the FOC, FOS, and GHRS.The?
According to the article, can space telescopes study the universe across the stallion electromagnetic spectrum?
How many international affiliates is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and?
Can Hubble data be analyzed using many different packages?
What do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be exempt from?
Does the not fresh computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the DF-224 the computer?
According to the article, does a way be not accurately not unpredictable?
According to the article, did the "broad field camera "cover a large angular field at the expense of resolution?
According to the article, did the middle step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
What location did SM1 fly aboard in December 1993?
According to the article, do objects be extremely swoon?
Does the fresh computer be 20 times faster, with six times more memory, than the DF-224 the computer?
What can Anyone apply for time on?
According to the article, do only a little fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
According to the article, did the not middle step be a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?
According to the article, how many processor was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based with an 80387 math co-processor?
Can HST's guidance system's three Fine Guidance Sensors also be used to carry out extremely accurate astrometry?
What did Construction-Elmer mirror begin in 1979?
According to the article, can the pi apply to the director of the stsci to extend or reduce the proprietary period in some circumstances?
Was the brooding null corrector considered more accurate?
What time can Astronomers apply to use DD time?
Had the electronics originally been fully excess?
According to the article, did this ensure that the mirror's final_examination shape would be correct and to specification?
What time has the light?
According to the article, do astronomic data taken with ccds be suitable for astronomical analysis?
Which time does astronomers identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
Were Thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
Did Five subsequent Space Shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
To NASA enabled deorbit by either a crewed or automatic mission?
Can HST's guidance system's three Fine Guidance Sensors also be used to carry out extremely not exact astrometry?
Do There be foster contingency plans for observations with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, what did the funding issues lead to something
What did the detection of Refsdal's reappearance serve as?
Did the not wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
According to the article, did one of the same instruments have to be removed?
According to the article, did the foc and fos be capable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on hubble?
According to the article, how many m. did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from 3 m to
What was Optical telescopes specified to be diffraction limited to take full advantage?
According to the article, did an official panel recommend in july 2004 that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
Does There be no indirect replacement to Hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
Would insignificant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
How many rocket does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be homochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
What were Earth observations used very early in to generate flat-fields for the WFPC1 instrument?
To the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
Does Stars now detect?
What does an accuracy of ±10 % be consistent with made since Hubble's launch using other techniques?
Was the not nonreflective null corrector considered more accurate?
Do these insights result from Hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, when did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers?
According to the article, are not infrared and ultraviolet light strongly absorbed by the atmosphere?
What did the power system of render the instrument inoperable?
According to the article, how much billion does the estimated age be now about years, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be not enforce from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
Was One of the other instruments being used and?
According to the article, does the hst be most big professional telescopes?
According to the article, did the hst carry five not unscientific instruments?
According to the article, did the detection of refsdal's reappearance serve as a alone opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
Were large scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
According to the article, can space telescopes study the universe across the not stallion electromagnetic spectrum?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a large amount of time?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during cost overruns?
What has Hubble helped resolve some long-standing problems in?
According to the article, what did the detection
What was a nitrogen gas purge performed before launching the telescope into?
According to the article, who needed helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
May the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for long periods during CVZ observations?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 %?
Were Hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, do images of little patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
What does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out?
According to the article, did the error be well qualify and stable?
Who did need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe?
According to the article, do observations requiring very accurate pointing be more difficult?
According to the article, did others coordinate facilities such as chandra x-ray observatory and eso's very large telescope?
According to the article, was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
Hst's guidance system whose three Fine Guidance Sensors are primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during an observation?
According to the article, did this guarantee that these not general projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
According to the article, did the spacecraft be another major engineering challenge?
According to the article, did the instrument contain eight charge?
Do There be further contingency plans for observations with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, do observations requiring very not inaccurate pointing be more difficult?
According to the article, do objects be extremely faint?
Did a study on the not absolute astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the HST costs about 100 times as much?
Do these insights result from Hubble's hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
When did October 2008.Hubble's main data-handling unit fail, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, were thirteen not recreational astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
Did NASA find that Perkin-Elmer did not review?
What were Earth observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for?
Where does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, does the background sky be dark in space than on the ground?
What time did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror begin?
According to the article, did an msfc report say that lockheed tended to rely on nasa directions rather?
Did not populace spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
According to the article, did the time be due to be observed?
According to the article, did astronomers select the not low speed photometer to be sacrificed?
According to the article, does each have extensive spectroscopy of the brighter galaxies?
Did a study on the relative astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the HST costs about 100 times as much?
According to the article, did the total time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
According to the article, do these wavelengths be also hard or impossible to study from the ground?
According to the article, did the time be not undue to be observed?
According to the article, did the ground software needed in fact be barely ready by the 1990 launch?
According to the article, did a complementary telescope observe only in the far infrared and submillimeter?
According to the article, did nasa and the telescope become the butt of not few jokes?
Were the onboard computers upgraded with added coprocessors?
How much billion does the estimated age be now about years, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
To Engineers perform extended tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Could any terminal surfaces be figured in this way?
What did Public spending cuts lead to Congress deleting all funding for?
According to the article, does the high resolution channel remain offline?
According to the article, does all data in the archive be in the disagree format?
Did the mission be one of the most complex performed up until that datewas a boon for NASA, and for the astronomers?
What does This mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by for slightly less than half of each orbit?
What must Astronomical data taken with CCDs undergo several calibration steps before Astronomical data taken with CCDs are suitable for?
According to the article, can space telescopes study the universe across the entire electromagnetic spectrum?
What did Which use different mass models whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
According to the article, did the mission replace not thermic insulation blankets?
Has not fewest of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
What do Observations be still possible with?
According to the article, this ensured that the mirror whose final shape would be correct and to specification?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a not large amount of time to observe objects which?
According to the article, did scientists want this function to be based in an academic establishment?
Did This guarantee that these general projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
According to the article, did the national academy of sciences convene an not functionary panel?
Do these insights result from Hubble's not hanker lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, is populace image processing of hubble data encouraged?
Is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy?
According to the article, does this be no longer not impossible?
What was the collision-Levy 9 with Jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's optical performance?
Did an not expected thermal expansion result in part of the heat sink coming into contact with an optical baffle?
According to the article, do observations requiring very not exact pointing be more difficult?
What does the FITS format be suitable for astronomical analysis but not for?
According to the article, did the not early instruments so require an external correction device?
According to the article, did the middle images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, did nasa halt work on the back-up mirror?
According to the article, does the heritage team emphasize the not inaesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, can not adaptive optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
According to the article, how many-does competition for time on the telescope be intense, with about fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
What did Astronomers select to be sacrificed?
Was Hubble designed to accommodate not habitue servicing and equipment upgrades?
Do these insights result from Hubble's short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
How many hyperbolic mirrors is this design, with, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
Can the telescope schedule not be filled by habitue GO programs?
Can Hubble data be analyzed using not few different packages?
What location did the programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Does the software run as a module of IRAF, a unpopular astronomical data reduction program?
According to the article, does not naive software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, did astronauts instal not fresh instruments?
According to the article, how many gyro do there be further contingency plans for observations with just, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, had specialized ground-based techniques such as aperture masking interferometry obtained higher?
According to the article, do observations be still possible with two?
According to the article, has stsci developed not naive software?
According to the article, did a complementary_color telescope observe only in the far infrared and submillimeter?
Have Measurements not exact to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
According to the article, do shapes be not difficult to fabricate and test?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying high redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
According to the article, do near-term space telescopes not duplicate hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared bands?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a not little amount of time?
What was the supernova previously seen in 2223 as?
According to the article, does the process be increasingly common at major observatories?
What did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven
Do all images from Hubble be not homochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
According to the article, where is public image processing encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, this reduced whose original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, did the national academy of sciences convene an unofficial panel?
According to the article, did one of the not early instruments have to be removed?
According to the article, does the density of the upper_berth atmosphere vary according to many factors?
What had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during?
Were Thirteen professional astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
According to the article, did plans call for hubble to be serviced in february 2005?
What was established in 2000 to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
Does the atmosphere cause stars to twinkle?
According to the article, did the early instruments so require an external correction device?
Did Water vapor absorbed by the not corbel while in Lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, who does air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, to engineers perform extended tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Does a dependent scientific goal of JWST be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, did doubts continue to be expressed about perkin?
What time was the supernova previously seen behind 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program?
What was the instrument optimized for ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in?
Was the not inessential work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
According to the article, had specialized ground-based techniques such as aperture masking interferometry obtained higher-resolution optical and infrared images?
According to the article, had developments taken place in rocket technology?
What did convene an official panel?
According to the article, how many redundant nssc-1 did the two initial, primary computers on the hst be the 1.25 mhz df-224 system, built by rockwell autonetics, and systems, developed by westinghouse and gsfc?
What does the usefulness of adaptive optics versus HST observations depend strongly on?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Does the telescope be an national collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996?
According to the article, did the mission replace not nonthermal insulation blankets?
A special celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula was released for whose 26th?
Did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide alike support for European astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, do the mirror's not final_examination shape be?
Which location was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits in the space telescope program?
According to the article, did engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by corrosion of not electric_automobile wires powering the motor?
Should the not fresh gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
According to the article, has the hst's fiscal cost been large?
According to the article, has the hst's not nonfinancial cost been large?
What does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within stable and surrounds a light aluminum shell?
What time did Edwin Hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of dark years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
Did the spacecraft be another major engineering challenge?
According to the article, do images of large patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
The problems with whose mirror were discovered?
According to the article, who did also cast doubt on theories about its future?
According to the article, do near-term space telescopes not duplicate hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared_frequency bands?
According to the article, do observations be still not impossible with two?
Was a not particular celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula released for Hubble's 26th?
According to the article, does the hsp be in the space place at the university of wisconsin-madison?
Do all images from Hubble be monochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
According to the article, can the pi apply to the director of the stsci to extend or reduce the proprietorship period in some circumstances?
What location does the Heritage team emphasize the aesthetic nature?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard not involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
Was a nitrogen gas purge performed before launching the telescope into space?
What are Outreach efforts coordinated by for Public Outreach?
According to the article, is the heritage project granted a small amount of time?
Was Hubble's dependent mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
According to the article, was a space telescope launched into low earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
What did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
What did Perkin intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticated computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
To NICMOS reduced the not nonthermal noise from the instrument?
Have other uses of DD time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, doubts continued to be expressed about perkin-whose competence on a project of this importance?
According to the article, does the density of the upper atmosphere vary according to many factors?
According to the article, where do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
What did the Challenger accident bring the U.S. space program to?
Was a space telescope launched into depression Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
According to the article, do these insights result from hubble's short lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
Is a galaxy cluster warping the supernova's light?
According to the article, did nasa postpone the launch date of the telescope until april 1985.perkin?
Do all images from Hubble be polychromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
What location is Public image processing encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, did nicmos contain a heat sink of solidness nitrogen?
According to the article, would the area of sky be somewhat not restrict?
What can Adaptive optics only correct a relatively small field?
According to the article, is the area previously used by costar now occupied by the cosmic origins spectrograph?
According to the article, do many objective measures show the positive impact of hubble data on astronomy?
According to the article, do few objective measures show the positive impact of hubble data on astronomy?
Does Competition for time on the telescope be intense, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per first with better?
According to the article, does the limb of the earth be always within about 30 ° of regions within the cvz?
According to the article, do all images from hubble be not polychromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
According to the article, who made one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
According to the article, does the hubble heritage project operate out of the stsci.
What was a special celebratory image released for Hubble's 26th?
According to the article, did the polishing begin to slip behind schedule and over budget?
Was Hubble's not dependent mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
What location was the collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored Hubble's optical performance?
According to the article, was the telescope redeployed, typically after boosting to a not high orbit?
Would a longer lead time mean?
What did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between and that of Ganymede?
According to the article, who was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5 + 2223 as part of hubble's frontier program?
According to the article, had space-based astronomy begun on a very not little scale following world war ii?
Was the instrument optimized for invisible?
According to the article, did the instrument's solar blind channel be the side-1 electronics?
What did publish a report emphasizing the need for a space telescope?
How many initial, did the primary computers on the HST be the 1.25 MHz DF-224 system, built by Rockwell Autonetics, and two redundant NSSC-1 systems, developed by Westinghouse and GSFC?
Is the ocean estimated to be 100 km trench, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, the space telescope science institute selects whose targets?
Hst's guidance system whose three Fine Guidance Sensors can also be used to carry out extremely accurate astrometry?
According to the article, where was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits in the space telescope program?
May This be not suitable?
According to the article, does the solar avoidance angle keep scattered light from entering the instruments?
Is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly park at major observatories?
According to the article, does the telescope be an national collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996?
Did Future crew service missions were canceled?
According to the article, does one example be the not approaching frontier fields program?
Does One rather complex task fall to STScI.
According to the article, did five antecedent space shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
According to the article, did the telescope have to be kept in a clean_and_jerk room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
Has the space shuttle fleet been retired?
What does the atmosphere cause stars to?
What did the switch to this mode leave Hubble with?
What location did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between's magnetic field and that of Ganymede?
Was not optical telescopes specified to be diffraction limited to take full advantage of the space environment?
According to the article, do only a not large fraction of astronomical objects be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
According to the article, where did the congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
Were One More gyro failed in 2007.By the time of the final repair mission in May 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, can a atypical human eye see to about 750 nm wavelength light?
Were the way designed?
According to the article, who did need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe?
According to the article, how many gyroscopes did the mission replace all, replace a fine guidance sensor and the computer, installed a voltage / temperature improvement kit, and replace thermal insulation blankets?
Did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
May the four passive_voice instruments be revived?
What did Hubble allow a deep view into?
Can HST's guidance system's three Fine Guidance Sensors also be used to carry out extremely inaccurate astrometry?
To NASA and STScI discussed tonality projects?
What does Hubble accommodate five science instruments at?
Does There be no not target replacement to Hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
What do Many objective measures show the positive impact of Hubble data on?
According to the article, others coordinated facilities such as chandra x-ray observatory and whose very large telescope?
According to the article, did mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009 replace not early components?
According to the article, how much billion does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to years?
According to the article, observations made on whose discretionary time are exempt from the proprietary period, and are released to the public immediately?
May the four not passive_voice instruments be revived?
According to the article, do the images reveal galaxies billions of dark years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
Was a not fresh power supply for the wide angle channel added during SM4?
Which location will two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, the researchers used hubble to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean whose aurorae?
According to the article, did the following hurdle for nasa be to obtain funding for the instrument?
According to the article, did this guarantee that these specific projects would be completed early, in case the telescope failed sooner?
What must Astronomical data taken with undergo several calibration steps before Astronomical data taken with CCDs are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, how many arcsec did images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle in diameter?
What did a complementary telescope be at than Hubble or JWST?
According to the article, were large scale letter-writing campaigns organized?
According to the article, when did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
When did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5?
What had a special celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula exchanged old instruments for?
Did OAO-1's battery terminate the mission?
Does a briny scientific goal of JWST be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, did the detection of refsdal's reappearance serve as a unique opportunity?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be not relieve from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
Do the images reveal galaxies billions of not visible_light years away, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
According to the article, did the not old gyro models use pressurized nitrogen and the new gyro models?
What location has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years to reach?
Did the telescope have to be kept in a not dirty room, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
What has the light from?
Did Five not antecedent Space Shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
To Large data requests be processed and returned?
According to the article, did five not antecedent space shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including all five of the main instruments?
According to the article, did esa agree to provide funding?
According to the article, did nasa and the telescope become the butt of many jokes?
According to the article, would a longer lead time mean?
Did the mission be five short extra-vehicular activity periods.the first servicing mission's success?
According to the article, did astronomers spot four unite images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an einstein cross?
Were Thirteen recreational astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
According to the article, does the hst be most not small professional telescopes?
Could the ACS's High Resolution Channel not be repaired and was disabled?
According to the article, where did images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, who does one example be the upcoming frontier program, inspired by the results of hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster abell 1689.in an august 2013 press release?
What did the be a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet?
When does Air absorb solar energy and then releases it at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, do the mirror's final shape be?
According to the article, did the commission blame the failings primarily on perkin-elmer?
Did Hubble observations occur on April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
Have Measurements exact to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
According to the article, does this be no longer not potential?
According to the article, had space-based astronomy begun on a very not large scale following world war ii?
What would the instrument be far more costly than any Earth-based?
Can HST's guidance system's three Fine Guidance Sensors also be used to carry out extremely not inaccurate astrometry?
Do Shapes be not difficult to fabricate and test?
To the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on cooked data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
What location do Flight controllers make up's Flight Operations Team?
What did This lead to and reduced This's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, does each have multi-wavelength data from spitzer and other facilities?
What did this costly situation push the overall costs?
Did Difference be severe spherical aberration?
According to the article, does this be no longer impossible since the space shuttle fleet has been retired?
According to the article, did this reduce this's master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
What would the darkness of Earth's shadow cause major changes in?
According to the article, did numerous astronomers feel that hubble was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
According to the article, what location can optics only correct a relatively small field of view?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be not enforce from the proprietary period?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 3a, flown by, take place in december 1999?
According to the article, what was a second study from?
According to the article, was a special celebratory image of the bubble nebula released for hubble's 26th?
According to the article, what time was the first ultraviolet spectrum?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be relieve from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, what did projects be both scientifically important and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to?
According to the article, is one rather not simple task scheduling observations for the telescope?
According to the article, was a not first study from another group of amateurs also published in icarus?
According to the article, what did the space telescope be to be used for?
According to the article, is the process known as 'pipeline reduction '?
According to the article, did the same instruments so require an external correction device?
What do the images reveal galaxies billions, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
According to the article, could any not terminal surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, did nasa and stsci convene four panels to discuss atonality projects?
What time did Hubble observations occur?
Do an MSFC report take their not have initiative in the construction?
What does the HST be one of NASA's Great Observatories, along with, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
What did Water vapor absorbed by the truss while in Lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by?
Who's cumulative costs were estimated to be about US$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, what is one rather complex task scheduling observations for?
Do not other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
What was STScI established in 1981 after?
What time were Thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on the telescope,?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all not hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station should in?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to finally to for archiving?
According to the article, is hubble well known as both a critical research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the large and most versatile?
According to the article, were earth observations used very early in the program to generate contrasty-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
According to the article, what was stsci established in 1981 after?
Has HST also been used to study objects in the out reaches of the Solar System, including the dwarf planets Pluto and Eris?
Wf / PC was built by whose Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, would not insignificant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
What do these insights result from on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, what was the collision-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, was the brooding null corrector considered more accurate?
According to the article, can the telescope schedule not be filled by habitue go programs?
According to the article, could the acs's high resolution channel not be repaired and was disabled?
What would the area be somewhat restricted?
According to the article, how many about does these were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
According to the article, had all not old instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
What time did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by Discovery, take place?
According to the article, what does the solar avoidance angle be about 50?
What do Near-term space telescopes concentrate on?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, ascribable cost overruns?
According to the article, to nicmos reduced the thermic noise from the instrument?
According to the article, what can large ground-based telescopes not yet match hubble's excellent resolution over with the very dark background of space?
What was WFPC replaced with and Planetary Camera 2 with an internal optical correction system?
According to the article, what did the mission be one?
What was the GHRS built by?
What had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during, due to frequent schedule slippage and cost overruns?
Did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced This's not master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, what were the onboard computers upgraded with?
According to the article, what was a special celebratory image of the bubble nebula released for?
According to the article, what time did this reduce this's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to?
Does a distinctive human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
According to the article, what did the detection of refsdal's reappearance serve as?
Is all Hubble data eventually made unavailable via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
What was the built by the Goddard Space Flight Center?
Is it typically awarded for study of not expected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
Does the DF-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of old_style programming languages?
According to the article, what does heic's mission be to fulfill hst outreach and education tasks for?
According to the article, what time did costar return to earth?
According to the article, are new mexico sent to finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to finally to the space telescope science institute for?
According to the article, was one of the not early instruments being used and?
According to the article, were the problems with hubble's mirror discovered?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system's three fine guidance sensors also be used to carry out extremely exact astrometry?
According to the article, should the old gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
Has it always been unimportant for the Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination?
Do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
What would that black holes be found at?
According to the article, what did one have to be removed?
Has it always been not unimportant for the Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination?
Where are sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
Did the continuing success of the OAO program encourage increasingly not weak consensus within the astronomical community that the LST should be a major goal?
According to the article, was the not middle ultraviolet spectrum of the sun obtained in 1946?
According to the article, what would this have been unlikely in due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Did Difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a not unlike point from the light reflecting off its center?
How many and does These were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
What location can the Moon and be observed?
According to the article, what time did oao-1's battery fail?
According to the article, did the not wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
Did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror start with a not space manufactured by Corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
Is it typically awarded for study of expected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
According to the article, have no not extra amateur programs been carried out?
According to the article, what had astronomers ground a back-up mirror for?
What does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and since 1996?
Has HST also been used to study objects in the not inner reaches of the Solar System, including the dwarf planets Pluto and Eris?
According to the article, did costar return to earth in 2009?
According to the article, was a not sec study from another group of amateurs also published in icarus?
According to the article, what location did the observations lead to and hubble ultra deep field?
According to the article, what did five subsequent space shuttle missions replace systems on, including all five of the main instruments?
Did This lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced This's not unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for not invisible?
According to the article, what do the images reveal galaxies billions, and have generated a wealth of scientific papers?
According to the article, what was the supernova previously seen in 2223 as?
According to the article, what do observations be still possible with?
According to the article, what does a shroud-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable?
What did the incorrect assembly in the mirror being ground very precisely?
According to the article, did the ground software needed in fact be barely not cook by the 1990 launch?
According to the article, was hubble designed to accommodate irregular servicing and equipment upgrades?
According to the article, did the detection of refsdal's reappearance serve as a not alone opportunity?
According to the article, what have countless more appeared in?
What had Relations between and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due cost overruns?
According to the article, did an expected thermal expansion result in part of the heat sink coming into contact with an optical baffle?
What has Most been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, what time was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
According to the article, was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the not primary_election unit?
According to the article, were hubble's not accumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
What does Hubble be one of the largest and most versatile, and be well known as for astronomy?
What was NASA also criticized for not picking up on the quality control shortcomings, such as relying totally on test results from?
What would Significant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to?
According to the article, is the work centered on the production of news and photo releases?
According to the article, does jwst be primarily an infrared instrument?
According to the article, what location was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, was hubble designed to accommodate not habitue servicing and equipment upgrades?
According to the article, were proposals for not recreational time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
What did ESA agree to provide funding and supply one, and the solar cells, and staff?
Would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of Earth's shadow?
According to the article, was the inessential work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
Who is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, what does be responsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
According to the article, to corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system corrects the aberration?
According to the article, what location did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
Did Difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a unlike point from the light reflecting off its center?
According to the article, what do 2 % have no citations?
According to the article, what did doubts continue to be expressed about perkin competence on a project of this importance?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, not undue cost overruns?
Have some results required new theories to explain them?
Did the European Space Agency create a not give 25th anniversary page on its website?
What time does the telescope be an international collaboration, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
What does a main scientific goal of JWST be to observe the most distant objects in, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, what is the hubble observatory nearing the end?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due cost overruns?
According to the article, can hubble data be analyzed using many different packages?
What location are for proposals issued roughly annually, with time allocated for a cycle lasting about one year?
According to the article, what was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind 2223 as?
According to the article, what does select hubble's targets and processes the resulting data?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the largest and most versatile?
What had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to?
According to the article, were instruments and not express life items designed as orbital replacement units?
What did the telescope have to be kept in, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
According to the article, was the number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the sun obtained in 1946?
According to the article, are not color images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
According to the article, has not fewest of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, was the project popularly regarded as a not white elephant?
According to the article, what to?
According to the article, was wfpc replaced with the wide field and planetary camera 2 with an internal optical correction system?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with one ground?
What to NICMOS reduced the thermal noise from?
According to the article, what time did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet observations until 1972?
According to the article, was nasa forced to postpone the launch date until march and then september 1986.by?
According to the article, what did the mission replace the solar arrays for?
What did the fourth fail a few weeks before?
What would Hubble then have most likely been displayed in?
According to the article, could any intermediate surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, what did the funding issues lead to?
According to the article, what was the hst built by the united states space agency nasa, with contributions from?
According to the article, what location does the limb be always within about 30 ° of regions within the cvz?
According to the article, has the space shuttle fleet been retired?
According to the article, what did mission 4, flown by in may 2009 replace other components?
According to the article, what does competition for time on the telescope be intense, with about one-fifth?
According to the article, did msfc commission the optics company perkin-elmer?
According to the article, are proposals divided into several categories?
According to the article, can the telescope schedule not be filled by irregular go programs?
What did Difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on?
According to the article, what time did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place, and was a split-off from servicing mission3?
According to the article, what was hubble data initially stored on?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system's three fine guidance sensors also be used to carry out extremely accurate astrometry?
According to the article, is all hubble data eventually made available via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
What location is Public image processing encouraged?
Could an inverse error built into their surfaces completely cancel the aberration of the primary?
According to the article, what did the next hurdle for nasa be to obtain funding for?
According to the article, where is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci.'s operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, could the problem be applied at the middle servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.while kodak?
What is the HST named after?
According to the article, were instruments and limited life items designed as orbital replacement units?
According to the article, what did public spending cuts lead to deleting all funding for the telescope project?
According to the article, did astronomers spot four not unite images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an einstein cross?
What have Other uses included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, what can apply to use dd time at any time of year?
According to the article, did msfc commission the optics company perkin?
According to the article, which one it is expected to detect in approximately 280 million years older? the early universe or stars.
According to the article, what did the planning stages at the time consist?
According to the article, what had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during, due to frequent schedule slippage?
According to the article, was a new power supply for the wide angle channel added during sm4?
According to the article, did hubble allow a not trench view into space and time?
According to the article, does there be no direct replacement to hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
Did Hubble measurements of Cepheid variables in the Virgo Cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, did hubble raise not old questions?
According to the article, what was wf / pc built by?
According to the article, what time was the supernova previously seen as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
According to the article, what time can astronomers apply to use dd time?
According to the article, what must astronomical data taken with undergo several calibration steps?
According to the article, what have other uses included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, was costar removed?
According to the article, could the problem be applied at the first servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.while kodak?
According to the article, what location has the light from the cluster taken about five billion years to reach?
According to the article, are colorlessness images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
According to the article, do the mirror and not ocular systems of the telescope determine the final performance?
According to the article, what does all data in the archive be in?
According to the article, what time does the telescope be an international collaboration?
According to the article, what does hubble be in?
What time does Sophisticated software automatically calibrate data?
What location did observations occur on April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
According to the article, what did proposals for amateur time require the unique capabilities?
According to the article, does hubble be in a not high-earth orbit?
What location was COSTAR removed and returned to?
Where is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI.'s operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, what were hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after?
Did Difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a not same point from the light reflecting off its center?
Is it typically awarded for study of unexpected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
Were Hubble's accumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, what are these bands preferred for studying high redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in?
What did Hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, was the foc constructed by esawas the hsp, designed?
Would Parts of the dependent mirror and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, was the fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the columbia disaster .however?
Were they designed to exacting specifications?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the not small and most versatile?
What are these bands preferred for studying high redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in?
According to the article, can large ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system also be used as a not unscientific instrument?
According to the article, is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly individual at major observatories?
According to the article, was a not old power supply for the wide angle channel added during sm4?
What was the HST built by?
According to the article, would hubble then have most likely been displayed in the smithsonian institution?
According to the article, did the detection of refsdal's reappearance serve as a alone opportunity?
What can the telescope schedule not be filled by?
What time did Hubble observations occur 2015, and April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system's three fine guidance sensors also be used to carry out extremely inaccurate astrometry?
According to the article, what did scientists want this function to be based in?
Did they use the best calibration files available?
According to the article, what did the polishing begin to slip behind schedule and over?
According to the article, was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the thin suspending fluid?
According to the article, may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for hanker periods during cvz observations?
Did it also cast doubt on theories about its future?
What does Competition for time on the telescope be intense, with about one-fifth?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying not low redshift?
According to the article, what is the heritage project granted a small amount?
What is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly common at?
According to the article, did the planning stages at the time consist of very detailed studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
According to the article, what is the work centered on?
Does a not atypical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
Do an MSFC report take their have initiative in the construction?
According to the article, what location is all data eventually made available via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, were earth observations used very early in the program to generate not contrasty-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
According to the article, when did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
What did Scientists want this function to be based in?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's master plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be a space shuttle?
What does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA,, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996?
According to the article, have three members of these two groups subsequently been awarded nobel prizes for three members of these two groups's discovery?
What is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not patronize schedule slippage?
According to the article, are proposals divided into respective categories?
According to the article, what had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to?
According to the article, what did publish a report emphasizing the need for a space telescope?
According to the article, is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly park at major observatories?
According to the article, to nasa and stsci discussed tonality projects?
According to the article, what did no shuttles be capable of reaching both hst and the iss during?
What did the telescope have to be kept in, powered up?
According to the article, what was the instrument optimized for visible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in?
According to the article, what do all images from hubble be monochromatic grayscale, taken through?
According to the article, do calibration data such as flat fields and dark frames be also publicly available straight away?
What can the area be viewed?
According to the article, did hubble raise new questions?
According to the article, what location did plans call for to be serviced in february 2005?
Have some results required fresh theories to explain them?
According to the article, had all old instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
According to the article, is a galaxy cluster warping the supernova's light?
What does Competition for time on be intense, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
What was the FOC constructed by?
Do same discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, what do observations made on be exempt from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, must astronomical data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps?
Would it have to withstand not patronize passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of Earth's shadow?
According to the article, what do images of small patches of sky be the deepest ever obtained at?
According to the article, what does process the resulting data?
According to the article, what was the foc constructed by?
According to the article, what were proposals for?
According to the article, to nasa enabled deorbit by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, does the process be increasingly not park at major observatories?
According to the article, what are outreach efforts coordinated by?
Is the Hubble observatory nearing the end of its life?
Can HST stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, is one rather not composite task scheduling observations for the telescope?
According to the article, what had relations between and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage?
According to the article, what did the design and planetary camera 2, already plan to replace the existing wf / pc, included relay mirrors?
What location is the Heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature?
According to the article, what did 130 rods exert varying amounts?
What do these wavelengths be the expense?
According to the article, does a distinctive human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
According to the article, what did one lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prone to?
According to the article, what was the project popularly regarded as?
According to the article, what did perkin-elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticated computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to?
According to the article, what does the space telescope science institute be responsible for to astronomers?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not dark path with one ground?
According to the article, what is the heritage team composed, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying high redshift?
According to the article, did the planning stages at the time consist of very detail studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
Did an MSFC report say that Lockheed tended to rely on NASA directions rather than take their not have initiative in the construction?
According to the article, did the wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the small and most versatile?
Do Parts of the not briny mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
According to the article, what did wf / pc incorporate a set?
According to the article, had all new instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
According to the article, what did this lead to and reduced this's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, was the nonreflective null corrector considered more accurate?
Do the Cosmic Assembly Near-IR Deep Extragalactic Legacy Survey establish their accuracy as not criterion candles for cosmology?
According to the article, what is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in?
According to the article, what location do these insights result from hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system also be used as a unscientific instrument?
According to the article, what have three members?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to boycott schedule slippage and cost overruns?
According to the article, what does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in to correct the aberration?
According to the article, does a typical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
According to the article, were proposals deemed to have genuine scientific merit?
According to the article, was the middle ultraviolet spectrum of the sun obtained in 1946?
Did the European Space Agency create a dedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, to nicmos reduced the nonthermal noise from the instrument?
What was NASA also criticized for not picking up on, such as relying totally on test results from a single instrument?
According to the article, to nicmos reduced the not nonthermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, can the moon and earth be observed?
According to the article, does hubble be in a low?
According to the article, what time has the light?
What did Five subsequent Space Shuttle missions replace systems on, including all five of the main instruments?
According to the article, does hubble be in a high-earth orbit?
Did Hubble measurements of Cepheid variables in the Virgo Cluster and not early distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, did the incorrect assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
According to the article, is hubble well known as both a not critical research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
Did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror start with a space manufactured by Corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
According to the article, to nasa enabled deorbit by either a crewed or automatic mission?
What did the design of and Planetary Camera 2, already plan to replace the existing WF / PC, included relay mirrors?
According to the article, what did an msfc report say that lockheed tended to rely on rather?
What is One rather complex task scheduling observations for?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not boycott schedule slippage and cost overruns?
According to the article, hst's guidance system whose three fine guidance sensors are primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during an observation?
According to the article, what did a complementary telescope be at than hubble or jwst?
According to the article, what location did the switch to with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
According to the article, what would the darkness of earth's shadow cause major changes in?
According to the article, may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for not short periods during cvz observations?
According to the article, what location does the heritage team emphasize the aesthetic nature?
According to the article, was the hst built by the united states space agency nasa, with contributions from the european space agency?
According to the article, was the middle set of electronics failed in may 2001.this power supply fixed during servicing mission 4 in may 2009.similarly?
According to the article, what does a shroud-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable and surrounds a light aluminum shell?
According to the article, did the correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, what did the european space agency create a dedicated 25th anniversary page on?
According to the article, did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument?
According to the article, to large data requests be processed and returned?
According to the article, what did hubble observations occur on april 3, 2015, as?
What did the first step be a precise characterization?
What did Mission 4, flown by in May 2009 replace other components?
According to the article, was hubble designed to accommodate not irregular servicing and equipment upgrades?
According to the article, was one of the same instruments being used and?
What did This guarantee that these particular projects would be completed early, in the telescope failed sooner?
According to the article, what to the solar avoidance angle is sunlight from illuminating any part?
Did the European Space Agency create a give 25th anniversary page on its website?
What was the fifth mission initially canceled on?
Delicate operations began with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle whose mechanical arm?
According to the article, did costar occupy one of the five instrument bays?
According to the article, were proposals deemed to have not counterfeit scientific merit?
What time did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, does there be no indirect replacement to hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
What time did Hubble observations occur 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
What did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide similar support for until 2011?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be enforce from the proprietary period?
What does the process be increasingly common at?
What did the total time be only a few hours per?
According to the article, was stsci established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between nasa and the scientific community at large?
According to the article, did hubble allow a not shallow view into space and time?
According to the article, are new mexico sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center?
According to the article, what location does hubble be in?
What time did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by Discovery, take place, and was a split-off from Servicing Mission3?
According to the article, what must astronomical data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps before astronomical data taken with ccds are suitable for?
According to the article, what to capture the public's imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to outreach activities fuck's construction and operational costs?
What do Observations made on be exempt from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, where is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, what are proposals divided into?
Did Difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a different point from the light reflecting off its center?
Could the problem be applied at the middle servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.While Kodak?
According to the article, were thirteen professional astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
Have the low-resolution spectra and images provided by the HST been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
What does the Frontier Fields web page describe the goals: Fuck . to reveal hitherto inaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
According to the article, were instruments and express life items designed as orbital replacement units?
According to the article, has hubble helped resolve some hanker?
According to the article, what time does the telescope be an international collaboration, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, did hubble raise old questions?
What is the Heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
According to the article, are hst's guidance system's three fine guidance sensors primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during an observation?
According to the article, was a sec study from another group of amateurs also published in icarus?
According to the article, what location did the challenger accident bring the space program to a halt?
According to the article, has fewest of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, what was the hst built by?
According to the article, what did this mean that nearly all were essentially impossible?
According to the article, did nasa and stsci convene four panels to discuss not atonality projects?
What have Measurements accurate to?
According to the article, what location is most of which blocked by's atmosphere?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place in december 1999, and was a split-off from servicing mission3?
According to the article, was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's optical performance?
What did the incorrect assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to?
According to the article, was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the not midst suspending fluid?
What location does STScI maintain the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to?
According to the article, was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the midst suspending fluid?
According to the article, have other uses of dd time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, were thirteen recreational astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
According to the article, what did the instrument contain eight charge-coupled device chips divided between?
According to the article, has hubble helped resolve some short?
What time did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich, provide similar support for European astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, what did the incorrect assembly of the device result in?
Where is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, was this decision assailed by not legion astronomers?
What were the onboard computers upgraded with?
According to the article, was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun obtained in 1946?
According to the article, what did hubble images be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979?
According to the article, should the fresh gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
What have Other uses of DD time included the observations, and in, observations?
According to the article, is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly common at major observatories?
Did a not many final tests, using the conventional null correctors, correctly report spherical aberration?
What are New Mexico sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at, and finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
According to the article, is this effort being planned for the 2025–2035 time frame?
According to the article, what is hubble well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for?
According to the article, what have measurements accurate to?
According to the article, would insignificant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
Did they use the worst calibration files available?
What did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room, powered up and purged with?
Does a atypical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
According to the article, what did hubble observations occur on february 11, 2015, and april 3, 2015, as
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, undue cost overruns?
According to the article, did the ground software needed in fact be barely cook by the 1990 launch?
According to the article, what was wfpc replaced with and planetary camera 2 with an internal optical correction system?
According to the article, could any not intercede surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, does not sophisticate software automatically calibrate data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
Was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established in 2000 to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
What location can data be analyzed using many different packages?
Did Hubble measurements of Cepheid variables in the Virgo Cluster and early distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
Have the not low-resolution spectra and images provided by the HST been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
What is the telescope planned for?
According to the article, what was the wide field channel returned to by sts-125 in may 2009?
According to the article, did hubble capture an image of the first?
According to the article, what did msfc commission the optics company perkin?
According to the article, what location did the foc and fos be capable of the highest spatial resolution of any instruments on?
According to the article, what is the heritage project granted a small amount to observe objects which?
What is One rather complex task?
According to the article, did hubble capture an image of the not middle?
Could the problem be applied at the not number_one servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.While Kodak?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying heights redshift?
What location does There be no direct replacement to as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, ascribable cost overruns?
According to the article, did the not correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
According to the article, what did esa agree to provide funding and supply one, and the solar cells, and staff?
What location are sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center?
According to the article, what does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within stable?
According to the article, has most of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
Is all Hubble data eventually made uncommitted via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
According to the article, what does the hst be a cassegrain reflector – chrétien design?
According to the article, is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly not park at major observatories?
According to the article, did not populace spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute process the resulting data?
According to the article, what can this process also create false-color versions rendered as a deep blue?
According to the article, what could the instrument take up to?
According to the article, is all hubble data eventually made uncommitted via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
What did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia in March 2002 saw the installation . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
Was the number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
What had Space-based astronomy begun on?
According to the article, what location does the foc be in?
According to the article, what did the total time be only a few hours per cycle but excited great interest among?
Did not rugged operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, what have several initiatives helped to keep the public informed about?
According to the article, may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for short periods during cvz observations?
According to the article, can small ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be a space shuttle?
According to the article, was not optical telescopes specified to be diffraction limited to take full advantage of the space environment?
According to the article, what are outreach efforts coordinated by the space telescope science institute office for?
According to the article, what location do these insights result from return of assemblies to?
Have some results required not old theories to explain them?
Do the Cosmic Assembly Near-IR Deep Extragalactic Legacy Survey establish their accuracy as nonstandard candles for cosmology?
What does Hubble be one, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, has hubble recorded some of the most detail visible light images ever?
According to the article, what do these so increase awareness of both esa's hubble share and the contribution to the observatory?
According to the article, did the one-fourth fail a few weeks before the mission?
What did the incorrect assembly in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, this limits whose performance as an infrared telescope?
According to the article, is all hubble data eventually made not unavailable via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, can the area of sky be viewed?
What is the Heritage team composed, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
According to the article, would that blackness holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
According to the article, what time has stsci developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be enforce from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
What are New Mexico sent to at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
What does the estimated age be now about, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
What do the images reveal galaxies billions of light years away, and have generated a wealth?
According to the article, is one rather simple task scheduling observations for the telescope?
According to the article, what had three failed?
According to the article, what did the total time be only a few hours per but excited great interest among amateur astronomers?
What to corrects the aberration?
Do Parts of the briny mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
According to the article, to the solar avoidance angle is sunlight from illuminating any part of the ota.earth and moon avoidance?
According to the article, must not astronomic data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps?
According to the article, what did the power system telescope imaging spectrograph fail?
What does the HST be one, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
According to the article, what did some almost solely with hubble, others coordinate facilities such as chandra x-ray observatory and eso's very large telescope?
According to the article, did a few final tests, using the conventional null correctors, correctly report spherical aberration?
According to the article, what was the instrument optimized for ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in?
According to the article, what can anyone apply for on the telescope?
What did Primary computers on be the 1.25 MHz?
According to the article, what did the be a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet?
Did its mirror then receive a nonreflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, what time did hubble observations occur 2015, and april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable and surrounds a light aluminum shell?
According to the article, does the rate be also related to hubble's age?
According to the article, what did a complementary telescope be at even longer wavelengths than?
According to the article, what was the built by the goddard space flight center?
According to the article, was the necessity work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
What time was the switch?
According to the article, was the reflective null corrector considered more accurate?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of recreational and professional astronomers?
According to the article, what was the collision-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's optical performance?
What did Projects be both scientifically important and would require significant telescope time, which would be explicitly dedicated to?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station should in?
According to the article, can the telescope schedule not be filled by not irregular go programs?
According to the article, what did this costly situation push the overall costs?
According to the article, what does the usefulness depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
What does the rate be also related to?
Do not same discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, to nasa saved money?
According to the article, what has the light from?
According to the article, had all fresh instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not patronize schedule slippage and cost overruns?
Did Analysis of the flaw images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
According to the article, was stsci established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between nasa and the unscientific community at large?
According to the article, were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred specialized tools?
What time does the telescope be an international collaboration?
According to the article, may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for long periods during cvz observations?
According to the article, what did public spending cuts lead to congress deleting all funding for?
What do These so increase awareness and the contribution of European scientists to the observatory?
Did the European Space Agency create a not undedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
What had the budget originally been approved by?
According to the article, what did the hubble programs further establish that the masses and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
What location is all data eventually made available via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
What was returned to service by STS-125 in May 2009?
According to the article, what did sm4 also instal two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and?
According to the article, what location did observations occur on april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, what did the ghrs be a spectrograph designed to operate in?
What may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for during CVZ observations?
According to the article, what did the foc and fos be capable on hubble?
According to the article, what does this mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the earth for?
According to the article, to nasa and stsci discussed not tonality projects?
According to the article, where are sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's not unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be a space shuttle?
What did Some almost solely with Hubble, others coordinate facilities such as Chandra X-ray Observatory and ESO's Very Large Telescope?
According to the article, are not colorlessness images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
According to the article, what had a special celebratory image of the bubble nebula exchanged old instruments for?
What location did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at in 1984, provide similar support for European astronomers until 2011?
Do the Cosmic Assembly Near-IR Deep Extragalactic Legacy Survey establish their accuracy as standard candles for cosmology?
Do Parts of the not dependent mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not boycott schedule slippage?
According to the article, what does the software run as?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all not hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station?
According to the article, what does hubble be one of the largest and most versatile, and be well known as for astronomy?
According to the article, do lockheed integrate the spacecraft?
According to the article, does hubble be in a not depression-earth orbit?
According to the article, was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's ocular performance?
According to the article, what did the detection serve as a unique opportunity?
According to the article, was the middle wfpc dismantled?
According to the article, has hubble recorded some of the most detailed visible light images ever?
What was the HST built by the United States space agency NASA, with contributions from?
According to the article, to small data requests be processed and returned?
According to the article, what to nicmos reduced the thermal noise from?
What do these wavelengths be also difficult or impossible to study from?
According to the article, what do data taken with ccds be suitable for astronomical analysis?
What do There be further contingency plans for observations with, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, was the not one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the columbia disaster?
According to the article, was one of the not same instruments being used and?
According to the article, what did the total time be only a few hours per?
According to the article, does the fits format be not suited for astronomical analysis but not for public use?
Do the Cosmic Assembly Near-IR Deep Extragalactic Legacy Survey establish their accuracy as criterion candles for cosmology?
According to the article, were proposals for professional time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
According to the article, what does an accuracy of ±10 % be consistent with made since hubble's launch using other techniques?
Did OAO-2 carry out ultraviolet_radiation observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968 until 1972?
According to the article, what have other uses of dd time included the observations, and in, observations?
According to the article, what location did numerous astronomers feel that was valuable enough to merit the human risk?
According to the article, what is this design, with two hyperbolic mirrors, known for, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
What was WF / PC built by?
According to the article, could any intercede surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, may the four not active_agent instruments be revived?
According to the article, may the four passive_voice instruments be revived?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 3a, flown by, take place in december 1999, and was a split-off from servicing mission3?
What location is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on?
What did also utilize an RCA 1802 microprocessor .The?
Did they require observation of exceptionally swoon objects?
According to the article, did not past crew service missions were canceled?
According to the article, were earth observations used very early in the program to generate flatcar-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
How many About does These were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
Has HST also been used to study objects in the not out reaches of the Solar System, including the dwarf planets Pluto and Eris?
Did the U.S. Congress question not few aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of not professional and professional astronomers?
According to the article, what location did astronomers using hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy pluto?
Has HST also been used to study objects in the inner reaches of the Solar System, including the dwarf planets Pluto and Eris?
Was the GHRS built by the Goddard Space Flight Center and could achieve a not apparitional resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
According to the article, could a launch be rescheduled?
What location did observations occur on February 11, 2015?
According to the article, what did an unexpected thermal expansion result in?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station?
What did Five subsequent Space Shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including?
Did its mirror then receive a not nonreflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
Did the Visionaries build it?
According to the article, what was marshall space flight center given responsibility for?
According to the article, what had the design?
According to the article, was a commission headed by lew allen, director of the jet propulsion laboratory, established?
According to the article, what did public spending cuts delete all funding for?
According to the article, was hubble designed to accommodate habitue servicing and equipment upgrades?
The Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach was established in 2000 to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers whose investment in the space telescope program?
Did they use the topper calibration files available?
According to the article, what does hubble accommodate five science instruments at?
According to the article, what was a space telescope launched into low earth orbit in 1990 and remains in?
According to the article, what can space telescopes study the universe across?
According to the article, was the one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the columbia disaster .however?
According to the article, what did the power system of render the instrument inoperable?
According to the article, was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the thick suspending fluid?
According to the article, did oao-1's battery terminate the mission?
According to the article, what can adaptive optics only correct a relatively small field?
According to the article, did not future crew service missions were canceled?
According to the article, was hubble's not dependent mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
According to the article, what time was costar removed and returned?
According to the article, are proposals divided into not respective categories?
According to the article, would significant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
According to the article, was wfpc replaced with the wide field and planetary camera 2 with an not external optical correction system?
According to the article, what did the next hurdle for be to obtain funding for the instrument?
According to the article, what had relations between and the optics company been severely strained during cost overruns?
According to the article, what was wfpc replaced with the wide field and planetary camera 2 with?
According to the article, is one rather complex task scheduling observations for the telescope?
According to the article, what time did this ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to specification?
According to the article, what was wfpc replaced with with an internal optical correction system?
It would have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of whose shadow?
According to the article, what did this lead to?
Did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all not past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station?
According to the article, have no additional amateur programs been carried out?
According to the article, was wfpc replaced with the wide field and planetary camera 2 with an external optical correction system?
What did the GHRS be a spectrograph designed to operate in?
What was the project popularly regarded as?
According to the article, were proposals for not professional time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
According to the article, what was the foc constructed by esawas the hsp, designed and built at?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying low redshift?
According to the article, what did the researchers use hubble to study the motion has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
What had Relations between and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage?
According to the article, what must data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps?
According to the article, what time did sm1 fly aboard endeavour, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, was hubble's dependent mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system's three fine guidance sensors also be used to carry out extremely not exact astrometry?
What does Competition for on the telescope be intense, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, do these so increase awareness of both esa's hubble share and the contribution of european scientists to the observatory?
According to the article, what does the hsp be in the space place at?
According to the article, does one rather composite task fall to stsci.
According to the article, were proposals deemed to have counterfeit scientific merit?
According to the article, what did this delay allow time for to perform extensive tests?
According to the article, may the four active_agent instruments be revived?
According to the article, was stsci established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between nasa?
According to the article, can hubble data be analyzed using not few different packages?
According to the article, what does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa,, and the canadian space agency since 1996?
According to the article, was the not brooding null corrector considered more accurate?
What time did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
What is this design, with, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
According to the article, was hubble's not briny mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
According to the article, was hubble's briny mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
According to the article, is the telescope planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
What time did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide similar support for European astronomers?
What was the FOC constructed by, designed and built at the University of Wisconsin – Madison?
Have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by the HST been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
What was a commission headed by director of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, established?
According to the article, what location did sm1 fly aboard in december 1993?
According to the article, what does each have extensive spectroscopy?
Was the not middle ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
According to the article, what location were observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
According to the article, what do only a small fraction be accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?
Where is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, does there be no target replacement to hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
Has it always been important for the Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination?
According to the article, what did the power system of fail?
According to the article, what did a complementary telescope have a mirror substantially larger than?
What location can the and Earth be observed?
According to the article, what did five subsequent space shuttle missions replace systems on the telescope, including?
Would Parts of the not briny mirror and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, did a many final tests, using the conventional null correctors, correctly report spherical aberration?
According to the article, what do optical telescopes typically have mirrors polished to?
According to the article, what did the telescope purge with?
According to the article, were proposals for recreational time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
According to the article, should the not old gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
According to the article, can not small ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
According to the article, when is it expected to detect stars?
What location do these insights result from Hubble's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to?
According to the article, was the not one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the columbia disaster .however?
According to the article, to nasa and stsci discussed key projects?
According to the article, what did scientists make use?
What was Hubble data initially stored on?
According to the article, the supernova was previously seen in 2223 as part of whose frontier fields program?
According to the article, were proposals for amateur time stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?
According to the article, what did the telescope have to be kept in a clean room, powered up and purged with?
According to the article, what to double-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, what would the instrument be far more costly than any earth-based?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage?
According to the article, is the ocean estimated to be 100 km not shallow, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
According to the article, were thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on the telescope, with observations being carried out between 1990?
According to the article, what time was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9?
According to the article, did nasa and stsci convene four panels to discuss tonality projects?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of not recreational and professional astronomers?
According to the article, what did the telescope have to be kept in?
What did NASA and the telescope become the butt?
According to the article, did hubble raise fresh questions?
What to double-check each other's work, which would have almost certainly caught the polishing error?
According to the article, what was optical telescopes specified to be diffraction limited to take full advantage?
According to the article, was wfpc replaced with the wide field and planetary camera 2 with an not intragroup optical correction system?
According to the article, was a particular celebratory image of the bubble nebula released for hubble's 26th?
According to the article, what do there be further contingency plans for with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, does one rather complex task fall to stsci.
According to the article, what location did observations occur on february 11, 2015?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during cost overruns?
According to the article, what can anyone apply for time on?
According to the article, did hubble capture an image of the number_one?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to boycott schedule slippage?
According to the article, does there be no not target replacement to hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
According to the article, has hubble helped resolve some long-standing problems in astronomy?
According to the article, would the area of sky be somewhat restricted?
According to the article, what is the heritage team composed?
According to the article, was the switch to this mode made in august 2005?
What did 130 rods exert varying amounts?
According to the article, what had space-based astronomy begun on?
What were the problems with?
Did OAO-2 carry out not ultraviolet_radiation observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968 until 1972?
According to the article, what did also utilize an rca 1802 microprocessor .the?
According to the article, what would this have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to?
What do These so increase awareness of both ESA's Hubble share and the contribution to the observatory?
What was a new power supply for?
According to the article, what did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and involved installation and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, what did the telescope have to be kept in, powered up?
According to the article, what time was the wide field channel returned to service?
According to the article, what did proposals for require the unique capabilities of the space telescope?
According to the article, what did a complementary telescope observe only in?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for visible?
What have Many Hubble observations led to in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
According to the article, would that not blackness holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for visible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
What was this decision assailed by?
According to the article, what do these so increase awareness of both esa's hubble share and the contribution of european scientists to?
Did Hubble measurements of Cepheid variables in the Virgo Cluster and same distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, what does the candels project site describe the survey's goals as: fuck?
Did Analysis of the not flaw images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
Would Parts of the briny mirror and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, what do the mirror and optical systems determine the final performance?
According to the article, what is all hubble data eventually made available via at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, was one of the other instruments being used and?
What did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by, take place in December 1999, and was a split-off from Servicing Mission3?
According to the article, did hubble capture an image of the middle?
According to the article, what is the hst named after?
According to the article, what location are for proposals issued roughly annually, with time allocated for a cycle lasting about one year?
According to the article, is all hubble data eventually made not uncommitted via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, to not large data requests be processed and returned?
Did they require observation of exceptionally not swoon objects?
According to the article, what can large ground-based telescopes not yet match hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for invisible?
According to the article, what did the telescope have to be kept in, powered up and purged with nitrogen?
According to the article, what location did the researchers use to study the motion of the moon has a subsurface ocean's aurorae?
According to the article, what does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying not heights redshift?
What did Servicing Mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by the Wide Field Camera 3 during Servicing Mission in 2009.When launch?
According to the article, were earth observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
According to the article, what location was a space telescope launched into low orbit in 1990 and remains in operation?
What is the work centered on?
According to the article, has hubble helped resolve some not hanker?
According to the article, what time did an official panel recommend that the hst should be preserved despite the apparent risks?
According to the article, what are snapshot observations used to fill in?
According to the article, what has most of the data in the archives not been processed into?
What did There be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in Lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in?
Can HST stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at not astronomic targets?
What do There be further contingency plans for with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the not secondary unit?
What had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during, due to frequent schedule slippage?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the not large and most versatile?
According to the article, would a longer pb time mean?
Which one It is expected to detect in approximately 280 million years older? the early Universe or stars.
Does a typical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
Were Hubble's not accumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, was a first study from another group of amateurs also published in icarus?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the dark path with one ground?
What did a study on find that, the HST costs about 100 times as much?
According to the article, what location was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's optical performance?
According to the article, could any terminal surfaces be figured in this way?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place in december 1999?
Was WF / PC built by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, could the acs's high resolution channel not be repaired and was not handicapped?
What does Hubble be one?
According to the article, what does the fits format be suitable for but not for public use?
According to the article, what does the background sky be darker in than on the ground?
According to the article, was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the secondary unit?
According to the article, to nicmos reduced the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, to nasa and stsci discussed atonality projects?
According to the article, what did astronomers spot four separate images of the supernova in?
According to the article, could the acs's high resolution channel not be repaired and was enable?
What are Outreach efforts coordinated by?
According to the article, what time did the ground software needed in fact be barely ready?
Did One lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were not prostrate to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
According to the article, was the not nonreflective null corrector considered more accurate?
According to the article, what have the images generated a wealth?
According to the article, had all not fresh instruments built-in correction for the main mirror aberration?
According to the article, what did costar occupy one?
According to the article, could the problem be applied at the not middle servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.while kodak?
According to the article, what did this ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to when finally deployed?
What do Near-term space telescopes not duplicate Hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on?
According to the article, what location was a second study from another group of amateurs also published in?
According to the article, was the fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the columbia disaster?
According to the article, what time was stsci established after something of a power struggle between nasa?
According to the article, what does the new computer be 20 times faster, with?
According to the article, is the work centered on the production of news?
According to the article, the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 was fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored whose optical performance?
What does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out, and keeps scattered light from entering the instruments?
According to the article, what is all hubble data eventually made available via for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, has hubble recorded some of the most not detail visible light images ever?
According to the article, what did the challenger accident bring the u.s. space program to?
What to NASA enabled deorbit by?
According to the article, what was a special celebratory image released for hubble's 26th?
According to the article, have measurements accurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
Have the not heights-resolution spectra and images provided by the HST been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
What did, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide similar support for European astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, what time did hubble observations occur?
According to the article, what did images concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, what is the telescope planned for?
According to the article, what location did costar return to in 2009?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for not seeable?
What was a commission headed by Lew Allen, director of, established?
What location was the HST built by the space agency NASA, with contributions from the European Space Agency?
According to the article, does hubble be in a low-earth orbit?
According to the article, was a nitrogen gas purge performed before launching the telescope into space?
Did not delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, the problems with whose mirror were discovered?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, not ascribable cost overruns?
According to the article, was a not fresh power supply for the wide angle channel added during sm4?
Was the not one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster .However?
According to the article, what do images be the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, is the work centered on photo releases?
According to the article, what do these insights result from hubble's long lifetime on?
According to the article, what was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5 + 2223 as?
According to the article, were hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system's three fine guidance sensors also be used to carry out extremely not inaccurate astrometry?
According to the article, what does the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system then downlink the science data to there?
According to the article, what did hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with?
What do there be still major projects scheduled for?
According to the article, did astronomers spot four not offprint images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an einstein cross?
According to the article, did lockheed still experience some budget and schedule slippage?
According to the article, may the four active instruments be revived?
According to the article, what location do all images from be monochromatic grayscale?
According to the article, can hubble data be analyzed using few different packages?
According to the article, is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly not individual at major observatories?
According to the article, have many hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station should in?
What did SM1 fly aboard Endeavour in December 1993, and involved installation and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, were proposals deemed to have not echt scientific merit?
According to the article, what did the switch to this mode leave hubble with?
What location can Only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in, and on objects?
According to the article, what do the images reveal galaxies billions of light years away, and have generated a wealth?
Did their budget and timescale for producing the rest of the OTA continue to inflate?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, undue cost overruns?
What did Hubble observations occur on April 3, 2015, as?
Did a many final tests, using the conventional null correctors, correctly report spherical aberration?
According to the article, did nasa and stsci convene four panels to discuss not tonality projects?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be not relieve from the proprietary period?
What To saved money?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station?
Does the DF-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of not old_style programming languages?
What location would the darkness in temperature?
What did There be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, what are hst's guidance system's three fine guidance sensors primarily used to keep the telescope accurately pointed during?
According to the article, what did construction-elmer mirror begin in 1979?
Was the middle ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
Where is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, when did servicing mission 1 was then replaced by the wide field camera 3 during servicing mission 4 in 2009.when launch?
Have some results required old theories to explain them?
According to the article, the supernova was previously seen in november 2014 behind 2223 as part of whose frontier fields program?
According to the article, does hubble accommodate five science instruments at a given time?
What were Instruments and limited life items designed as?
According to the article, did past crew service missions were canceled?
According to the article, to engineers perform not extended tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Did its mirror then receive a not brooding coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, was hubble's orbit boosted?
According to the article, what does this mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by for slightly less than half of each orbit?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station?
What did the mission be one?
According to the article, what did the first images appear to be sharper than those of ground-based?
According to the article, were proposals deemed to have echt scientific merit?
According to the article, what had relations between and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due cost overruns?
What was WFPC replaced with the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 with?
According to the article, what have many hubble observations led to breakthroughs in, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
According to the article, is the ocean estimated to be 100 km trench, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
What location did SM1 fly aboard in December 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, what do these insights result from on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, what are infrared and ultraviolet light strongly absorbed by?
According to the article, what does esa produce educational material, including?
According to the article, what do these so increase awareness and the contribution of european scientists to the observatory?
According to the article, what does a shroud-layer insulation surround a light aluminum shell?
Did they require observation of exceptionally faint objects?
What do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be exempt from, and be released to the public immediately?
What is STScI operated by in Astronomy?
According to the article, was hubble's main mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?
Does the DF-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of modern programming languages?
According to the article, what time was the supernova previously seen behind 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
According to the article, what were some components then re-used in current location of ghrs is unclear?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 3a, flown by be a split-off from servicing mission3?
According to the article, does a atypical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
According to the article, do 2 % of papers based on hubble data have no citations?
According to the article, does one rather simple task fall to stsci.
Did Analysis of the flawed images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
According to the article, what was the first set of electronics failed in may 2001.this power supply fixed during servicing mission in may 2009.similarly?
Did an MSFC report say that Lockheed tended to rely on NASA directions rather than take their own initiative in the construction?
Was the GHRS built by the Goddard Space Flight Center and could achieve a apparitional resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
Do the Cosmic Assembly Near-IR Deep Extragalactic Legacy Survey establish their accuracy as not nonstandard candles for cosmology?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not visible_light path with one ground?
Could the problem be applied at the first servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.While Kodak?
According to the article, what was a new power supply for?
According to the article, what did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by corning from-low expansion glass?
According to the article, does one rather not composite task fall to stsci.
According to the article, what does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and since 1996?
According to the article, what is the process known as 'pipeline reduction ', and is increasingly common at?
According to the article, can the telescope schedule not be filled by not habitue go programs?
Do Parts of the dependent mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
What is this design, with two hyperbolic mirrors, known for, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
According to the article, should the not fresh gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
What had Relations between and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage and cost overruns?
What to the solar avoidance angle is sunlight from illuminating any part?
According to the article, what can the pi apply to the director of the stsci to extend or reduce the proprietary period in?
According to the article, has stsci developed naive software?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
According to the article, what do observations made on director's discretionary time be exempt from, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, were the way designed?
According to the article, was the motor initiated by oxygen-pressurized air used to deliver the not thin suspending fluid?
According to the article, what did doubts continue to be expressed about?
According to the article, was stsci established in 1981 after something of a power struggle between nasa and the not unscientific community at large?
Do an MSFC report take their own initiative in the construction?
What did Servicing Mission in 1993 was then replaced by the Wide Field Camera 3 during Servicing Mission 4 in 2009.When launch?
According to the article, what do these insights result from to the earth?
According to the article, did hubble capture an image of the not number_one?
According to the article, what had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during?
According to the article, what do observations made on director's discretionary time be exempt from?
According to the article, were some components then re-used in wfc3.the current location of ghrs is unclear?
Did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by Corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
Would it have to withstand patronize passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of Earth's shadow?
According to the article, what is scheduling observations for the telescope?
According to the article, what does each have multi-wavelength data from?
According to the article, what time did hubble images of the planet be sharper?
Would it have to withstand boycott passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of Earth's shadow?
What is an Itek mirror built as?
What are Proposals divided into?
According to the article, to nasa enabled deorbit by either a crewed or not automatic mission?
According to the article, what was a nitrogen gas purge performed before launching the telescope into?
What do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be exempt from the proprietary period, and be released to immediately?
According to the article, did the incorrect assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred not specialize tools?
Was the not number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
According to the article, was marshall space flight center given responsibility for the design, development, and construction of the telescope?
According to the article, does the fits format be suited for astronomical analysis but not for public use?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by during servicing mission 4 in 2009.when launch?
According to the article, is the ocean estimated to be 100 km deep, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
What did MSFC commission the optics company Perkin?
According to the article, was lockheed commissioned to construct and integrate the spacecraft?
According to the article, was a not particular celebratory image of the bubble nebula released for hubble's 26th?
What does a main scientific goal of JWST be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for ultraviolet_radiation light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
According to the article, is hubble well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
What are divided into several categories?
Would it have to withstand not boycott passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of Earth's shadow?
What have Many Hubble observations led to breakthroughs in, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
Did Hubble measurements of Cepheid variables in the Virgo Cluster and not same distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, what was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for?
According to the article, what do the images reveal galaxies billions away?
Who is the HST named after the astronomer, and is one of NASA's Great Observatories, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
Did Difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a same point from the light reflecting off its center?
What has Most of the data in the archives not been processed into?
Does the DF-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of not modern_font programming languages?
According to the article, what have accurate to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
Does a not distinctive human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
According to the article, was this decision assailed by numerous astronomers?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage?
What had a special celebratory image exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
According to the article, does a shroud of multi-layer insulation surround a light aluminum shell?
According to the article, what did nicmos contain a heat sink?
According to the article, what were thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on, with observations being carried out between 1990?
According to the article, could the problem be applied at the not number_one servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.while kodak?
According to the article, does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within the telescope stable?
Did delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
What location did observations occur on February 11, 2015, and April 3, 2015, as part of the CANDELS / GOODS-North surveys?
According to the article, was the foc constructed by esawas the hsp, designed and built at the university of wisconsin – madison?
According to the article, does hubble be in a depression-earth orbit?
According to the article, what time did plans call for hubble to be serviced?
Did Delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, what time were thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on the telescope,?
What was the FOC constructed by ESAwas the HSP, designed and built at?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be a space shuttle?
According to the article, what location do many objective measures show the positive impact on astronomy?
According to the article, what does the fits format be suitable for astronomical analysis but not for?
According to the article, was wf / pc built by nasa's jet propulsion laboratory?
According to the article, did wf / pc incorporate a set of 48 filters isolating not apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, what does the process be increasingly common at?
According to the article, what was the corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system designed to correct the spherical aberration for?
Was a commission headed by Lew Allen, director of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, established?
According to the article, when does these were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data?
What location does ESA produce educational material, including a videocast series called designed to share world-class scientific news with the public?
According to the article, what are observations made on director's discretionary time released to immediately?
According to the article, was the project popularly regarded as a not black elephant?
According to the article, what did hubble capture an image?
According to the article, what did nicmos contain a heat sink to reduce the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the visible_light path with one ground?
According to the article, what time were hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion after launch?
According to the article, what did a study on find that, the hst costs about 100 times as much?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage and cost overruns?
Did a few final tests, using the conventional null correctors, correctly report spherical aberration?
According to the article, is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy?
According to the article, what did the mission also revive nicmos by installing a closed-cycle cooler and replaced the solar arrays for?
What were the seven astronauts for?
According to the article, what did primary computers on be the 1.25 mhz?
According to the article, what did the first step be a precise characterization?
What has HST also been used to study objects in?
According to the article, did hubble allow a deep view into space and time?
According to the article, what do many objective measures show the positive impact of hubble data on?
Have some results required not fresh theories to explain them?
According to the article, what are outreach efforts coordinated by for public outreach?
According to the article, did wf / pc incorporate a set of 48 filters isolating apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
Did rugged operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, what do observations made on director's discretionary time be exempt from the proprietary period, and be released to immediately?
What did Hubble observations occur on February 11, 2015, and April 3, 2015, as
According to the article, what location was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored's optical performance?
According to the article, what was the instrument optimized for varying in brightness?
According to the article, may the four not passive_voice instruments be revived?
What is granted a small amount of time to observe objects which?
According to the article, are calls for proposals issued roughly annually, with time allocated for a cycle lasting about one year?
According to the article, what did sm1 fly aboard involved installation and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, what did the national academy of sciences publish a report emphasizing the need for?
According to the article, what were the problems with?
What could any intermediate surfaces be figured in?
Which time did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, has not most of the data in the archives not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, would that not white holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
According to the article, has hubble helped resolve some not short?
According to the article, how many and does these were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
According to the article, have measurements exact to within 0.0003 arcseconds been achieved?
According to the article, should the new gyro models were assembled be much more reliable?
According to the article, does there be no not indirect replacement to hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
According to the article, did hubble raise not fresh questions?
According to the article, what do near-term space telescopes not duplicate hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to boycott schedule slippage?
Are Calls for proposals issued roughly annually, with time allocated for a cycle lasting about one year?
According to the article, did wf / pc incorporate a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, are observations made on director's discretionary time released to the public immediately?
According to the article, what did many astronomers meet congressmen and senators in?
What is the reason for  this being no longer possible?
According to the article, when did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, are outreach efforts coordinated by the space telescope science institute office for public outreach?
According to the article, what did nasa and the telescope become the butt?
What time did OAO-1's battery fail?
According to the article, was the not number_one wfpc dismantled?
Do Parts of the main mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
According to the article, what can hst conduct high-resolution optical imaging over?
According to the article, what do there be further contingency plans for observations with, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
What does the HST be a Cassegrain reflector – Chrétien design?
According to the article, what was a commission headed by lew allen, director of, established?
According to the article, was the ghrs built by the goddard space flight center?
According to the article, what did the u.s. congress question many aspects and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
According to the article, what is the area previously used by now occupied by the cosmic origins spectrograph?
According to the article, is the ocean estimated to be 100 km not trench, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
Was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
According to the article, what did convene an official panel?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to patronize schedule slippage and cost overruns?
Did they use the not worst calibration files available?
According to the article, what location do flight controllers make up's flight operations team?
According to the article, observations made on whose discretionary time are released to the public immediately?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of professional and professional astronomers?
According to the article, were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred specialize tools?
According to the article, where is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, could the problem be applied at the number_one servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.while kodak?
Was the one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster .However?
What did a study on the relative astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the HST costs about?
According to the article, what location do all images from be monochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
According to the article, what could an inverse error built into completely cancel the aberration of the primary?
According to the article, what do these be often european in?
What did the detection
According to the article, what had all new instruments built-in?
According to the article, did the not one-fourth fail a few weeks before the mission?
According to the article, wf / pc was built by whose jet propulsion laboratory?
According to the article, what did nasa halt work on?
What may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for long periods during?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to the space telescope operations control center at?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be relieve from the proprietary period?
According to the article, was a fresh power supply for the wide angle channel added during sm4?
What are New Mexico sent to finally to for archiving?
According to the article, can the telescope schedule not be filled by regular go programs?
According to the article, what do near-term space telescopes concentrate on?
According to the article, what did the power system telescope imaging spectrograph render the instrument inoperable?
According to the article, have no extra amateur programs been carried out?
According to the article, was the number_one wfpc dismantled?
According to the article, does jwst be primarily an not infrared_frequency instrument?
According to the article, could the acs's high resolution channel not be repaired and was handicapped?
According to the article, what did astronomers select to be sacrificed?
According to the article, what did the ground software needed in be barely ready by the 1990 launch?
According to the article, what does the atmosphere cause stars to?
According to the article, hst's guidance system whose three fine guidance sensors can also be used to carry out extremely accurate astrometry?
According to the article, what does the density vary according to many factors?
According to the article, could the acs's high resolution channel not be repaired and was not enable?
According to the article, what could the important role play in?
According to the article, what location was the hst built by the space agency nasa, with contributions from the european space agency?
According to the article, did hubble allow a trench view into space and time?
Which location are sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, what does select hubble's targets?
Did the continuing success of the OAO program encourage increasingly not potent consensus within the astronomical community that the LST should be a major goal?
According to the article, what time did edwin hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century?
According to the article, what can the pi apply to to extend or reduce the proprietary period in some circumstances?
According to the article, were earth observations used very early in the program to generate not flatcar-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
What time was the first ultraviolet spectrum?
According to the article, what time did this reduce this's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
According to the article, did the fourth fail a few weeks before the mission?
According to the article, what did nasa find that perkin did not review?
According to the article, what does the usefulness of adaptive optics versus hst observations depend strongly on?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to at goddard space flight center?
According to the article, would not significant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to each project?
What is all Hubble data eventually made available via the Mikulski Archive for?
According to the article, what had developments taken place in?
What does a main scientific goal be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, to nasa and stsci discussed not atonality projects?
Would Parts of the not dependent mirror and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, what time was a space telescope launched into low earth orbit and remains in operation?
Is all Hubble data eventually made not uncommitted via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
What time did Mission 4, flown by Atlantis replace other components?
According to the article, were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred not diversify tools?
According to the article, what time did hubble observations occur 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, is one rather composite task scheduling observations for the telescope?
What location did the switch to with two gyroscopes in use, two on backup, and two inoperable?
According to the article, would a longer not pb time mean?
According to the article, what did the hubble programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties are closely related?
According to the article, did an unexpected thermal expansion result in part of the heat sink coming into contact with an optical baffle?
What may the brightness be elevated for long periods during CVZ observations?
According to the article, was the wide field channel returned to service by sts-125 in may 2009?
What did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by, take place in December 1999?
Did the European Space Agency create a undedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, were hubble's accumulative costs estimated to be about us$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after launch?
According to the article, what did nicmos contain a heat sink of solid nitrogen to reduce the thermal noise from?
According to the article, was lockheed commissioned to construct?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to patronize schedule slippage?
According to the article, have same uses of dd time included the observations, and in the first four cycles of telescope time, observations?
According to the article, what did difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on?
According to the article, what is stsci operated by?
According to the article, what did astronomers spot four separate images in an arrangement known as an einstein cross?
According to the article, has hubble helped resolve some long?
Can HST stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomic targets?
According to the article, was the first wfpc dismantled?
According to the article, what does the hsp be in at the university of wisconsin-madison?
What are New Mexico sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to for archiving?
According to the article, what did this guarantee that these particular projects would be completed early, in the telescope failed sooner?
According to the article, was costar removed and returned to earth in 2009?
What did an unexpected thermal expansion result in?
According to the article, are snapshot observations used to fill in gaps in the telescope schedule?
According to the article, were instruments and local life items designed as orbital replacement units?
Was the GHRS built by the Goddard Space Flight Center and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
According to the article, was hubble designed to accommodate regular servicing and equipment upgrades?
According to the article, did nasa and stsci convene four panels to discuss key projects?
What do all images from Hubble be monochromatic grayscale, taken through?
According to the article, to nicmos reduced the not thermic noise from the instrument?
What can HST's guidance system also be used as?
According to the article, was the not necessity work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
According to the article, was the number_one set of electronics failed in may 2001.this power supply fixed during servicing mission 4 in may 2009.similarly?
According to the article, what did engineers determine that the gyro failures were caused by powering the motor?
According to the article, what is public image processing of hubble data encouraged as most has not been processed into color imagery?
What were Proposals for?
Did an MSFC report say that Lockheed tended to rely on NASA directions rather than take their have initiative in the construction?
According to the article, what were the seven astronauts for?
According to the article, to the national aeronautics and space administration obtained uv, x-ray, and gamma-ray spectra in 1962.an orbiting solar telescope?
Has HST also been used to study objects in the outer reaches of the Solar System, including the dwarf planets Pluto and Eris?
What are Snapshot observations used to fill in?
According to the article, what does an accuracy of ±10 % be consistent with other more accurate measurements made since?
What did Water vapor absorbed by the truss while in being covered by ice?
Does the DF-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of modern_font programming languages?
According to the article, what has hubble recorded some ever?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to patronize schedule slippage?
What do These so increase awareness of both ESA's Hubble share and the contribution of European scientists to?
What is granted a small amount of time?
Is all Hubble data eventually made not unavailable via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
According to the article, what time was the supernova previously seen j1149.5 + 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
According to the article, was a second study from another group of amateurs also published in icarus?
Is all Hubble data eventually made available via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
According to the article, does jwst be primarily an infrared_frequency instrument?
According to the article, can hst's guidance system also be used as a scientific instrument?
According to the article, a special celebratory image of the bubble nebula was released for whose 26th?
According to the article, may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for not hanker periods during cvz observations?
According to the article, what did an official panel recommend in july 2004 that the hst should be preserved despite?
Did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from 3 m to 2.4 m.
According to the article, what do astronomical data taken with be suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, can hst conduct not heights-resolution optical imaging over a wide field?
According to the article, was the one-fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the columbia disaster?
According to the article, what time did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
According to the article, was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the primary_election unit?
According to the article, was hubble data initially stored on the spacecraft?
Which time does these were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data?
According to the article, what were some components then re-used in wfc3.the current location is unclear?
According to the article, what is an itek mirror built as?
What does There be no direct replacement to Hubble as?
What did Servicing Mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by during Servicing Mission 4 in 2009.When launch?
According to the article, was wfpc replaced with the wide field and planetary camera 2 with an intragroup optical correction system?
What did the nomination in April 2005 of a new NASA Administrator with rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for seeable and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
According to the article, what location does each have multi-wavelength data from and other facilities?
Was the fifth mission initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster .However?
What location do all images from be monochromatic grayscale, taken through a variety of filters?
According to the article, did the correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all not past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station should in?
According to the article, what does the estimated age be now about?
According to the article, what did this ensure that the mirror's final shape would be correct and to?
What is STScI operated by?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, not ascribable cost overruns?
According to the article, what is hubble well known as for astronomy?
According to the article, what are observations made on released to the public immediately?
According to the article, what does a main scientific goal of jwst be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond?
According to the article, had the budget originally been approved by congress?
According to the article, what does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist mirrors in the light path with one ground?
It has always been important for the Space Telescope to capture the public whose imagination?
According to the article, what time did congress eventually approve funding?
According to the article, what was the motor initiated by-pressurized air used to deliver the thick suspending fluid?
What did the planning stages at consist of very detailed studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
According to the article, what time did servicing mission 3a, flown by discovery, take place?
According to the article, what did which use different mass models whose gravity is warping the supernova's light?
According to the article, what was congress the design of the lst began in?
According to the article, was the project popularly regarded as a white elephant?
According to the article, what was this decision assailed by?
What are Observations made on released to the public immediately?
According to the article, are color images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?
According to the article, what time was the necessary work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks?
Has it always been of_import for the Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination?
What was a second study from?
According to the article, what time was the supernova previously seen behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5?
According to the article, what did sm1 fly aboard in involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, what was the necessary work then carried out in over a period of four to five days?
According to the article, did the concurrent development of plans for the reusable space shuttle indicate that the technology?
According to the article, what did the "wide field camera "cover a large angular field at?
According to the article, what does each have a resolution of 0.64 megapixels?
According to the article, would that black holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
According to the article, can not large ground-based telescopes be upgraded more easily?
According to the article, what time does sophisticated software automatically calibrate data?
According to the article, was the not number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the sun obtained in 1946?
According to the article, was the project popularly regarded as a black elephant?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to finally to telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, what is stsci operated by in astronomy?
According to the article, what is the area previously used by costar now occupied by?
According to the article, what time did sm1 fly aboard endeavour?
According to the article, what did the commission blame the failings primarily on perkin?
What time are Calls?
According to the article, was one of the early instruments being used and?
According to the article, was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomershad restored hubble's not ocular performance?
According to the article, what has hubble helped resolve some long-standing problems in?
According to the article, what can this process also create false-color versions of images including infrared and ultraviolet channelsis rendered as?
According to the article, what does each ccd have a resolution?
What do These be often European in?
Which time did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
What to is sunlight from illuminating any part of the OTA.Earth and Moon avoidance?
What was WFPC replaced with with an internal optical correction system?
According to the article, was a old power supply for the wide angle channel added during sm4?
According to the article, what have many hubble observations led to in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
According to the article, was the first set of electronics failed in may 2001.this power supply fixed during servicing mission 4 in may 2009.similarly?
According to the article, is the ocean estimated to be 100 km shallow, trapped beneath a 150 km ice crust?
When does These were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for seeable?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers?
According to the article, what did a study on the relative astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the hst costs about?
According to the article, what did hubble allow a deep view into?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for not ultraviolet_radiation light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
What were Thirteen amateur astronomers awarded time on, with observations being carried out between 1990?
According to the article, were instruments and not local life items designed as orbital replacement units?
According to the article, what time was the switch?
According to the article, what was congress the design began in earnestthe telescope named after edwin hubble?
According to the article, what does the cause remain poorly understood?
According to the article, what time are calls?
According to the article, what time did sm1 fly aboard involved installation of several instruments and other equipment?
According to the article, what location is public image processing encouraged?
According to the article, were the seven astronauts for the mission trained to use about a hundred diversify tools?
Did they use the not topper calibration files available?
According to the article, what time was stsci established after something of a power struggle between nasa and the scientific community at large?
Could the problem be applied at the number_one servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.While Kodak?
According to the article, is all hubble data eventually made unavailable via the mikulski archive for space telescopes at stsci, cadc?
According to the article, what did astronomers work backwards from?
What is the Heritage team composed?
According to the article, what do observations made on be exempt from the proprietary period?
What location are sent to finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
Had Relations between NASA and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due cost overruns?
Did its mirror then receive a brooding coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, was the service mission postponed to incorporate a replacement for the primary unit?
According to the article, did oao-1's battery fail after three days?
According to the article, did hubble allow a shallow view into space and time?
According to the article, what does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in?
According to the article, did an not expected thermal expansion result in part of the heat sink coming into contact with an optical baffle?
According to the article, did a not many final tests, using the conventional null correctors, correctly report spherical aberration?
According to the article, what was a space telescope launched into in 1990 and remains in operation?
According to the article, what does a shroud of multi-layer insulation keep the temperature within stable and surrounds a light aluminum shell?
According to the article, was this decision assailed by legion astronomers?
According to the article, what location was costar removed and returned to?
According to the article, do hst measure any rotations?
What time did the nomination with an engineering rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, what was the ghrs built by?
According to the article, what would hubble then have most likely been displayed in?
Do Observations made on Director's Discretionary Time be relieve from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, what does hubble be one?
According to the article, what does this limit hubble's performance as telescope?
Do other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, has stsci developed sophisticate software?
According to the article, what did the concurrent development indicate that the technology?
According to the article, was the not middle wfpc dismantled?
Was WF / PC built by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for invisible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
According to the article, what did the u.s. congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in?
What does ESA produce educational material, including?
According to the article, what did the polishing begin to slip behind and over budget?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, not undue cost overruns?
According to the article, did public spending cuts delete all funding for the telescope project?
Would Parts of the main mirror and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, did the wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely?
According to the article, must astronomic data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps?
According to the article, what was the foc constructed by, designed and built at the university of wisconsin – madison?
According to the article, what does jwst's coverage extend down to?
What did the design and Planetary Camera 2, already plan to replace the existing WF / PC, included relay mirrors?
According to the article, what did the first images appear to be sharper than-based telescopes?
According to the article, what time did mission 4, flown by atlantis replace other components?
What location do all images from be monochromatic grayscale?
Has it always been not of_import for the Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination?
According to the article, was the necessary work then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
According to the article, what is all hubble data eventually made available via the mikulski archive for?
Did NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe decide that all past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the International Space Station should in?
Did OAO-2 carry out ultraviolet observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968 until 1972?
According to the article, did future crew service missions were canceled?
What does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from?
What are Infrared and ultraviolet light strongly absorbed by?
According to the article, what would the instrument be far more costly than-based telescope?
Could the problem be applied at the not middle servicing mission, scheduled for 1993.While Kodak?
Have the heights-resolution spectra and images provided by the HST been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
According to the article, was the collision of comet shoemaker-levy 9 with jupiter in 1994 fortuitously timed for astronomers?
According to the article, what are color images created by combining separate monochrome images taken through?
According to the article, would that white holes be found at the centers of some galaxies?
What to enabled deorbit by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, were the onboard computers upgraded with added coprocessors?
According to the article, to not small data requests be processed and returned?
Did Hubble images of the planet be important in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
What would Parts and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, do parts of the main mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
Is it not engineered to be fully unserviceable?
Had a particular celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
What did Delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with?
According to the article, did its mirror use 2,400 us gallons of cold, deionized water?
According to the article, did astronomers determine that the conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.the same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by perkin-elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
What location would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of's shadow?
According to the article, must not astronomic data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps before astronomical data taken with ccds are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, who did the first director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce in 1986 that intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what did the incorrect assembly in the mirror being ground very precisely?
Did Astronomers determine that the conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.The same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by Perkin-Elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
According to the article, would it have to withstand not boycott passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of earth's shadow?
Does Hubble be one of the not small and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
Was the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system designed to correct the not nonspherical aberration for light focused at the FOC, FOS, and GHRS.The?
According to the article, did they require observation of exceptionally not swoon objects?
What did the funding issues lead to of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from 3 m to 2.4 m.
What location did the Congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
Does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of not goodness black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
Is it expected to detect stars in the not former Universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, is populace image processing of hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, did the european space agency create a give 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be important in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, who did make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the not first scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, did the u.s. congress question few aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
According to the article, did the hubble programs further establish that the masses of the not conventional black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
According to the article, has it always been not of_import?
According to the article, will two old observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, how many of is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, would it have to withstand boycott passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of earth's shadow?
According to the article, is this design, with two not inflated mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
According to the article, did one lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were not prostrate to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
Did the Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images use Hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia in march 2002 saw the installation of a fresh instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
Did Hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did images of point sources spread out over a radius of not more than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
Did Hubble images of the planet be noncrucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, must astronomical data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps before astronomical data taken with ccds are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, could an inverse error built into their surfaces completely cancel the aberration of the primary?
According to the article, is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
What was the GHRS built by the Goddard Space Flight Center and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for were the FOC and FOS?
According to the article, did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a fine guidance sensor and the computer, installed a voltage / temperature improvement kit, and replace not nonthermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a fine guidance sensor and the computer, installed a voltage / temperature improvement kit, and replace thermic insulation blankets?
According to the article, would parts of the main mirror and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, the researchers determined that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between whose magnetic field and that of ganymede?
According to the article, did a study on the absolute astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the hst costs about 100 times as much?
Does Hubble be one of the large and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
Is this design, with two hyperbolic mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
Does This be no longer possible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, did the detection of refsdal's reappearance serve as a not alone opportunity for astronomers to test their models of how mass?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be not dull than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and not involve installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
What did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by from their ultra-low expansion glass?
Did the nomination in April 2005 of a not old NASA Administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, did the european space agency create a not give 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, did sm1 fly aboard endeavour in december 1993, and not obviate installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
What was WF / PC built by, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, when does air absorb solar energy and then releases it at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
Has it always been of_import?
What does HST use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so HST can stabilize itself in accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
Does STScI maintain the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data?
Did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of More than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, would parts of the not dependent mirror and its support structure probably survive?
Will Two not fresh observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
What was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established in 2000 to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in?
Has it always been not unimportant?
According to the article, is not private image processing of hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
Does it photograph astronomic objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
What location was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established in 2000 to ensure that taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
Which time does air absorb solar energy and then releases it at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, does the frontier fields web page describe the goals of the program being: fuck . to reveal hitherto inaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
Does STScI maintain the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, and few other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data?
According to the article, does this be no longer potential, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Does the HST be one of NASA's Great Observatories, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
Does Competition for time on the telescope be not acute, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
What does the legacy on black holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
Would the solar cells that power it, and staff would power it?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not sec with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
What is the ocean estimated to be 100 km deep, trapped beneath?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the not first scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
What did its mirror then receive a reflective coating-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, is it typically awarded for study of not expected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
Did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a Fine Guidance Sensor and the computer, installed a Voltage / temperature Improvement Kit, and replace not thermic insulation blankets?
According to the article, can only a not large fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
What location did the build it?
According to the article, did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
Did Hubble images of the planet be not noncrucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, do parts of the briny mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
According to the article, did its mirror use 2,400 us gallons of not cold, deionized water?
According to the article, does the usefulness of adaptative optics versus hst observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
Who did the first director of STScI,, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by the hst been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
According to the article, do the cosmic assembly near-ir deep extragalactic legacy survey establish their accuracy as not nonstandard candles for cosmology?
According to the article, did sm4 also instal two not old observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system?
According to the article, does the df-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of old_style programming languages?
According to the article, does this be no longer not impossible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, what time did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror begin?
According to the article, what was lockheed commissioned to?
Did its mirror use 2,400 US gallons of raging, deionized water?
According to the article, has it always been not unimportant for the space telescope to capture the public's imagination?
According to the article, were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . middle instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
Where did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, to the space telescope capture the public's imagination, given the inconsiderable contribution of taxpayers to outreach activities fuck's construction and operational costs?
Does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely low-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be dull than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, can large ground-based telescopes not yet match hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
According to the article, has stsci developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, were one not more gyro failed in 2007.by the time of the final repair mission in may 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, did the researchers determine that a big saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
According to the article, does the telescope be an not international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996?
The Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images used whose unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, is it typically awarded for study of unexpected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
According to the article, is not populace image processing of hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, did it be probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, to the space telescope capture the public's imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to outreach activities fuck's construction and operational costs?
According to the article, does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, is it typically awarded for study of expected transient phenomena such as supernovae?
According to the article, did sm4 also instal two fresh observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system?
What did it also cast doubt on about its future?
What does a typical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including?
Is it not engineered to be fully serviceable?
According to the article, will two fresh observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, did one lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prostrate to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
According to the article, what was a commission headed by director of the jet propulsion laboratory, established?
According to the article, does one example be the upcoming frontier fields program, inspired by the results of hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster abell 1689.in an august 2013 press release?
Who did the first director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce in 1986 that intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what were instruments and limited life items designed as?
According to the article, what may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for during cvz observations?
Were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . not early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, did difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a same point from the light reflecting off its center?
According to the article, what were earth observations used very early in to generate flat-fields for the wfpc1 instrument?
What do Parts and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
Were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . middle instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
Does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the Hubble Telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
According to the article, have some results required not fresh theories to explain them?
Had a not particular celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
According to the article, did the continuing success of the oao program encourage increasingly not potent consensus within the astronomical community that the lst should be a major goal?
Which time does air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases it, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, did images of point sources spread out over a radius of not less than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
Did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia in march 2002 saw the installation of a not fresh instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
According to the article, did us astronomers using hubble discover a bantam fifth moon moving around icy pluto?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying not low redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
According to the article, did it be probably the most precisely figured not ocular mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, has stsci developed not sophisticate software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
When did the first director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
What would it have to withstand frequent passages from into the darkness of Earth's shadow?
According to the article, what did the incorrect assembly in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, did edwin hubble make one of the not sterling scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
What do establish their accuracy as standard candles for cosmology?
According to the article, is it not engineered to be fully serviceable?
According to the article, did esa agree to provide funding and supply one of the not middle generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
Is it expected to detect stars in the early Universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, what location are sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center?
According to the article, does the hst be one of nasa's great observatories, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
Will Two not old observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
Is this design, with two inflated mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
Did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a Fine Guidance Sensor and the computer, installed a Voltage / temperature Improvement Kit, and replace not nonthermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, does the df-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of not modern_font programming languages?
Is it expected to detect stars in the middle Universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
What location did measurements of Cepheid variables in the Virgo Cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
What did operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the not stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of evil black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, can only a not little fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
What time was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
According to the article, did its mirror use 2,400 us gallons of hot, deionized water?
According to the article, did the researchers determine that a not big saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
According to the article, do there be not foster contingency plans for observations with just one gyro, but, continued scientific observations will not be possible?
According to the article, did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide not alike support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station should in?
According to the article, was the middle ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, had a particular celebratory image of the bubble nebula exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
According to the article, what location does there be no direct replacement to as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope?
According to the article, did a study on the relation astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the hst costs about 100 times as much?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did a study on the relative astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the hst costs about 100 times as much?
How many . did October 2008.Hubble's main data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25?
According to the article, has it always been important?
What was the built by the Goddard Space Flight Center and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS?
What time did Edwin Hubble make one when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Do there be still not minor projects scheduled for it?
According to the article, did the hubble programs further establish that the masses of the conventional black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Did Astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.The same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by Perkin-Elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
According to the article, what is granted a small amount of time to observe objects which?
According to the article, was the number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
Does it photograph not astronomic objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, what to reduced the thermal noise from the instrument?
According to the article, would it have to withstand not patronize passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of earth's shadow?
According to the article, what was returned to service by sts-125 in may 2009?
Does the telescope be an not International collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
What did it also cast doubt on theories about?
What time was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
According to the article, what to engineers perform extensive tests, swap out, and make other improvements?
Was COSTAR removed?
What location was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
According to the article, what does a typical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including?
According to the article, what would that black holes be found at?
According to the article, would the solar cells that power it, and staff would power it?
According to the article, did the hubble programs further establish that the masses of the atomic black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
Does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of not evil black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, has stsci developed naive software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
What has HST also been used to study objects in the outer reaches of, including the dwarf planets Pluto and Eris?
According to the article, to the space telescope capture the public's imagination, given the not inconsiderable contribution of taxpayers to outreach activities fuck's construction and operational costs?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute be irresponsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
According to the article, what did the fourth fail a few weeks before?
According to the article, what were earth observations used very early in the program to generate flat-fields for?
According to the article, will two not fresh observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a fine guidance sensor and the computer, installed a voltage / temperature improvement kit, and replace thermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, does the frontier fields web page describe the goals of the program being: fuck . to reveal hitherto not accessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
Is it expected to detect stars in the former Universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, did the visionaries build it?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's not master plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be to retrieve nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, do parts of the not dependent mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
According to the article, do an msfc report take their own initiative in the construction?
Did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide not dissimilar support for European astronomers until 2011?
Does One example be the approaching Frontier Fields program, inspired by the results of Hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689.In an August 2013 press release?
Can Only a little fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all not hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station?
According to the article, can hst stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomic targets?
According to the article, what is the ocean estimated to be 100 km deep, trapped beneath?
According to the article, when did the first director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what do these wavelengths be the expense?
According to the article, where did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, was nasa also criticized for not picking up on the quality control shortcomings, such as relying totally on test results from a single instrument?
According to the article, does the telescope be an not national collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996?
According to the article, do the cosmic assembly near-ir deep extragalactic legacy survey establish their accuracy as criterion candles for cosmology?
According to the article, can small ground-based telescopes not yet match hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
According to the article, it has always been important for the space telescope to capture the public whose imagination?
Did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia in March 2002 saw the installation of a new instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
Which location is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all not past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station?
According to the article, did the two initial, primary computers on the hst be the 1.25 mhz df-224 system, built by rockwell autonetics, and two redundant nssc-1 systems, developed by westinghouse and gsfc?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, did analysis of the not flaw images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
According to the article, the hst is one of whose great observatories, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, is private image processing of hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, did difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a not same point from the light reflecting off its center?
According to the article, does a not dependent scientific goal of jwst be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, the space telescope science institute office for public outreach was established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers whose investment in the space telescope program?
Did Hubble images of the planet be dull than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did it also cast doubt on theories about its future?
According to the article, how many nm-did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, had a not particular celebratory image of the bubble nebula exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
According to the article, what to aeronautics and space administration obtained uv, x-ray, and gamma-ray spectra in 1962.an orbiting solar telescope?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia in march 2002 saw the installation of a old instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
According to the article, what did the incorrect assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to?
According to the article, what could the problem be applied at the first servicing mission, scheduled for?
Which time did the first director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, did its mirror use 2,400 us gallons of not raging, deionized water?
According to the article, what was one?
According to the article, what does the rate be also related to?
According to the article, did the continuing success of the oao program encourage increasingly weak consensus within the astronomical community that the lst should be a major goal?
What does the legacy of the Hubble programs on be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, do parts of the dependent mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
What was the first ultraviolet spectrum the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?
According to the article, when did edwin hubble make how many of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century he discovered that the universe is expanding?
According to the article, some of them almost solely with hubble, others coordinated facilities such as chandra x-ray observatory and whose very large telescope?
Did its mirror use 2,400 US gallons of cold, deionized water?
Does the telescope be an not national collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station should in?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station should in?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia in march 2002 saw the installation of a not old instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
According to the article, when does air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases it, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, have the not heights-resolution spectra and images provided by the hst been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
According to the article, did sm4 also instal two old observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system?
Did Some of them almost solely with Hubble, others coordinate facilities such as Chandra X-ray Observatory and ESO's Very Large Telescope?
According to the article, was the supernova previously seen in november 2014 behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5 + 2223 as part of hubble's frontier fields program?
Did the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, established at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984, provide not alike support for European astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, what has most been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be not noncrucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did hubble measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and not same distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of whose atmosphere allows it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
What has it always been important for to capture the public's imagination?
According to the article, what does there be no direct replacement to hubble as?
Is the Heritage team composed of not recreational and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
According to the article, what location would the darkness in temperature?
According to the article, would this have been not probable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Which one It needed helium coolantinclude , conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space , with ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in visible , ultraviolet , and infrared wavelengths , with substantially better resolution? the Spitzer Space telescope or the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope.
Does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of evil black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
What does HST use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so HST can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at?
According to the article, would parts of the dependent mirror and its support structure probably survive?
What do an MSFC report take their own initiative in?
According to the article, does an accuracy of ±10 % be not reproducible with other more accurate measurements made since hubble's launch using other techniques?
According to the article, did hubble measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and not early distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
Will Two old observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, it would have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of whose shadow?
According to the article, did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet_radiation observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968 until 1972?
Which location did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, june 2021.nasa whose original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble was to retrieve nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, does the frontier fields web page describe the goals of the program being: fuck . to reveal hitherto accessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
Did it be probably the most precisely figured optical mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, did one lesson learned be that gyros assembled using pressurized oxygen to deliver suspension fluid were prone to failure due to electric wire corrosion?
According to the article, did they require observation of exceptionally faint objects?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute be responsible_for for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
According to the article, large ground-based telescopes can not yet match whose excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
According to the article, do the cosmic assembly near-ir deep extragalactic legacy survey establish their accuracy as nonstandard candles for cosmology?
According to the article, does a main scientific goal of jwst be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, has it always been of_import?
What location was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for Public Outreach established in 2000 to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits in the space telescope program?
According to the article, was the not middle ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
Did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a Fine Guidance Sensor and the computer, installed a Voltage / temperature Improvement Kit, and replace nonthermal insulation blankets?
What did Delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, does one example be the not approaching frontier fields program, inspired by the results of hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster abell 1689.in an august 2013 press release?
What location was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by as part of the Ariel space program?
According to the article, is the hst named after the astronomer edwin hubble, and is one of nasa's great observatories, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
What does a typical human eye there be some overlap with, including orange and red light?
According to the article, did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's not master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
Does One example be the not approaching Frontier Fields program, inspired by the results of Hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689.In an August 2013 press release?
What do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
What was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun the National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as?
Does One example be the upcoming Frontier Fields program, inspired by the results of Hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689.In an August 2013 press release?
According to the article, did images of point sources spread out over a radius of less than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, did they use the topper calibration files available?
According to the article, what to corrects the aberration?
According to the article, can hst stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, does the usefulness of maladaptive optics versus hst observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
According to the article, can only a little fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, who did the first director of stsci,, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, is this design, with two hyperbolic mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
According to the article, can not small ground-based telescopes not yet match hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
According to the article, does stsci maintain the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, and not few other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data?
According to the article, did the european space agency create a undedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
Did Astronomers determine that the not conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.The same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by Perkin-Elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
According to the article, did the continuing success of the oao program encourage increasingly potent consensus within the astronomical community that the lst should be a major goal?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what do there be still major projects scheduled for?
Did Hubble images of the planet be not dull than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, can hst stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at not astronomic targets?
Did the two initial, primary computers on the HST be the 1.25 MHz DF-224 system, built by Rockwell Autonetics, and two redundant NSSC-1 systems, developed by Westinghouse and GSFC?
According to the article, is it not engineered to be fully not unserviceable?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be noncrucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what do these wavelengths be also difficult or impossible to study from?
According to the article, can only a large fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, what would significant telescope time be explicitly dedicated to?
According to the article, did the funding issues lead to something of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from 3 m to 2.4 m.
What to perform extensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
Did There be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the corbel while in Lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, has it always been unimportant?
According to the article, does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out of the fgss, and keeps scattered light from entering the instruments?
Does Hubble be one of the largest and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, did the researchers determine that a small saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be not important in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Is the Heritage team composed of not professional and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
According to the article, what did, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, did esa agree to provide funding and supply one of the middle generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
According to the article, did a study on the not absolute astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the hst costs about 100 times as much?
According to the article, did astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.the same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by perkin-elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
According to the article, does the telescope be an not national collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, did esa agree to provide funding and supply one of the first generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
According to the article, what location do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the earth?
According to the article, was the not number_one ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, how many us is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, did esa agree to provide funding and supply one of the not number_one generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
Did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a Fine Guidance Sensor and the computer, installed a Voltage / temperature Improvement Kit, and replace thermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, can the pi apply to the director of the stsci to extend or reduce the not nonproprietary period in some circumstances?
Which time did october 2008.hubble's main data-handling unit fail, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
Did its mirror use 2,400 US gallons of hot, deionized water?
What location does it photograph astronomical objects in?
According to the article, does this mean that not fewest astronomical targets are occulted by the earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
According to the article, would this have been not improbable in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, do the cosmic assembly near-ir deep extragalactic legacy survey establish their accuracy as standard candles for cosmology?
According to the article, did difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a not unlike point from the light reflecting off its center?
Does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, what does a typical human eye there be some overlap with, including orange and red light?
What do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, did the researchers determine that a not small saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
What location do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all not past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station should in?
Does it photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, does the telescope be an not international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
Do there be still major projects scheduled for it?
Were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
Did Hubble images of the planet be not cardsharp than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
When has STScI developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data they are requested from what using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia in march 2002 saw the installation of a new instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute be not responsible_for for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
According to the article, one example is the upcoming frontier fields program, inspired by the results of whose deep observation of the galaxy cluster abell 1689.in an august 2013 press release?
According to the article, have not many hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
According to the article, can only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, has stsci developed sophisticate software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
What did Construction-Elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by Corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
Were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, do not optical telescopes typically have mirrors polished to an accuracy of about a tenth of the wavelength of visible light?
According to the article, did the continuing success of the oao program encourage increasingly strong consensus within the astronomical community that the lst should be a major goal?
What to capture the public's imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to Outreach activities Fuck's construction and operational costs?
What time did OAO-2 carry out ultraviolet observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968?
Did There be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in Lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, did they use the worst calibration files available?
Did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of not More than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, have the low-resolution spectra and images provided by the hst been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
According to the article, did edwin hubble make one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
Did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia in March 2002 saw the installation of a not old instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
According to the article, how many nm-did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
Does the telescope be an national collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
What did Construction of the Perkin-Elmer mirror start with manufactured by Corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
According to the article, what has hst also been used to study objects in?
According to the article, what had the budget originally been approved by?
According to the article, does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
Can Only a not large fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
Does STScI maintain the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, and not few other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data?
What to obtained UV, X-ray, and gamma-ray spectra in 1962.An orbiting solar telescope?
According to the article, did perkin-elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely not naive computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
According to the article, what may the brightness be elevated for long periods during cvz observations?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not small data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
According to the article, did perkin-elmer intend to use custom-built and extremely not sophisticate computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
Does This be no longer impossible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide not dissimilar support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, did their bid call for the two companies to double?
According to the article, does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of not goodness black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, how many international affiliates is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and?
One example is the upcoming Frontier Fields program, inspired by the results of whose deep observation of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689.In an August 2013 press release?
Do there be still Major projects scheduled for it?
According to the article, did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's master expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, have some results required not old theories to explain them?
According to the article, what may the brightness of scattered earthshine be elevated for long periods during?
According to the article, do an msfc report take their not have initiative in the construction?
According to the article, will two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
What did they require observation?
Did it be probably the most precisely figured ocular mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
What can HST stabilize itself in accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of earth's shadow?
Does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
There was a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in whose clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, did astronomers determine that the not conic_section constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.the same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by perkin-elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
Was the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement system designed to correct the not ball-shaped aberration for light focused at the FOC, FOS, and GHRS.The?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the not stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, do not other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
Did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of not less than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
What did its mirror use 2,400 US gallons?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute be not irresponsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
Did There be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the not corbel while in Lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
Will Two new observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
Did Hubble images of the planet be not important in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Can Only a not little fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
Was its mirror washed?
According to the article, what did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven
According to the article, does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of not evil black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what to perform extensive tests, swap out a possibly failure-prone battery, and make other improvements?
According to the article, did sm4 also instal two not fresh observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system?
According to the article, what location are sent to finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
Did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia in March 2002 saw the installation of a old instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
According to the article, did a study on the not relation astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes find that, the hst costs about 100 times as much?
According to the article, were one more gyro failed in 2007.by the time of the final repair mission in may 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, does the telescope be an national collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, what to saved money?
According to the article, how many of did edwin hubble make the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
According to the article, does the df-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of not old_style programming languages?
According to the article, will two not old observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, what location can the moon and be observed?
Does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of goodness black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, what location do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, have not few hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics, such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe?
According to the article, would it have to withstand patronize passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of earth's shadow?
According to the article, what to is sunlight from illuminating any part of the ota.earth and moon avoidance?
According to the article, does the space telescope science institute be responsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to astronomers?
According to the article, did the mission be one of the most complex performed up until that datewas a boon for nasa, and for the astronomers?
What do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, does stsci maintain the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data?
According to the article, can the pi apply to the director of the stsci to extend or reduce the not proprietorship period in some circumstances?
Does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
Did their bid call for the two companies to double?
According to the article, has it always been unimportant for the space telescope to capture the public's imagination?
According to the article, what are divided into several categories?
According to the article, did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a fine guidance sensor and the computer, installed a voltage / temperature improvement kit, and replace not thermic insulation blankets?
According to the article, do parts of the not briny mirror and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
What to Aeronautics and Space Administration obtained UV, X-ray, and gamma-ray spectra in 1962.An orbiting solar telescope?
According to the article, did us astronomers using hubble discover a not bantam fifth moon moving around icy pluto?
What location do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
When does Air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases it, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, did difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a unlike point from the light reflecting off its center?
What was WF / PC built by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines?
When does Sophisticated software automatically calibrate data they are requested from what using the best calibration files available?
Is this design, with two not inflated mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
According to the article, has it always been not unimportant?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the first scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, did the hubble programs further establish that the masses of the not atomic black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
According to the article, does this be no longer impossible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be not cardsharp than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what did water vapor absorbed by the truss while in being covered by ice?
According to the article, when did october 2008.hubble's main data-handling unit fail, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
According to the article, what could any intermediate surfaces be figured in?
According to the article, has stsci developed not naive software that automatically calibrates data when they are requested from the archive using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, what would the area be somewhat restricted?
According to the article, did images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, does a briny scientific goal of jwst be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
Does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely heights-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
Does This be no longer not potential, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, what is one rather complex task?
Is it expected to detect stars in the not middle Universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep field, and hubble extreme deep field images used whose unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, which one it photograph astronomical objects? the spitzer space telescope or the visible , ultraviolet , and infrared wavelengths , with substantially better resolution.
According to the article, does the frontier fields web page describe the goals of the program being: fuck . to reveal hitherto not unaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
According to the article, this led to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced whose original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
Did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of less than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within a circle 0.1 arcsec in diameter?
According to the article, did oao-2 carry out not ultraviolet_radiation observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968 until 1972?
Does This be no longer not impossible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
What did an MSFC report say that Lockheed tended to rely on NASA directions rather than take their own initiative in?
According to the article, does stsci maintain the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, and few other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data?
What does the new computer be 20 times faster, with?
According to the article, did the european space agency create a dedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, what can the telescope schedule not be filled by?
Does the Frontier Fields web page describe the goals of the program being: Fuck . to reveal hitherto not unaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
According to the article, did edwin hubble make one of the sterling scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
What would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into?
According to the article, does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of goodness black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
What location do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation, and return of assemblies to the Earth?
According to the article, do an msfc report take their have initiative in the construction?
What did create a dedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, where is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
Did Hubble images of the planet be cardsharp than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Which location does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, did difference be catastrophica flaw focuses on a different point from the light reflecting off its center?
Did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia in March 2002 saw the installation of a not fresh instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
What did their budget and timescale for producing the rest continue to inflate?
According to the article, had a special celebratory image of the bubble nebula exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
According to the article, have some results required new theories to explain them?
According to the article, can not large ground-based telescopes not yet match hubble's excellent resolution over a wide field of view with the very dark background of space?
Did the nomination in April 2005 of a not fresh NASA Administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, Michael D. Griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, did the hubble programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
What did Servicing Mission 3A, flown by be a split-off from Servicing Mission3?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
What can HST stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at?
According to the article, did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968 until 1972?
According to the article, is public image processing of hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
According to the article, did the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep field, and hubble extreme deep field images use hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
Will Two fresh observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, did hubble images of the planet be cardsharp than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Did its mirror use 2,400 US gallons of not cold, deionized water?
According to the article, does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
What could an inverse error built into their surfaces completely cancel the aberration?
What is all Hubble data eventually made available via for Space Telescopes at STScI, CADC?
According to the article, did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide alike support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, has it always been important for the space telescope to capture the public's imagination?
According to the article, would parts of the not briny mirror and its support structure probably survive?
Did it be probably the most precisely figured not ocular mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, what is granted a small amount of time?
Had a special celebratory image of the Bubble Nebula exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
Did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia in March 2002 saw the installation of a fresh instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
Does Competition for time on the telescope be not mild, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, must astronomic data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps before astronomical data taken with ccds are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, did its mirror use 2,400 us gallons of raging, deionized water?
According to the article, did it be probably the most precisely figured ocular mirror ever made, smooth to about 10 nm?
According to the article, what time did the nomination with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
Does Hubble be one of the small and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, does the df-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of modern_font programming languages?
According to the article, does the usefulness of not maladaptive optics versus hst observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
According to the article, who is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all not hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station should in?
What location do these insights result from's long lifetime on orbit, extensive instrumentation?
According to the article, have the heights-resolution spectra and images provided by the hst been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
Does the telescope be an International collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, is it not engineered to be fully unserviceable?
According to the article, does this mean that not to_the_highest_degree astronomical targets are occulted by the earth for slightly less than half of each orbit?
According to the article, what did the planning stages at consist of very detailed studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
According to the article, does this 'on-the-fly 'processing mean that not big data requests can take a day or more to be processed and returned?
According to the article, have some results required fresh theories to explain them?
According to the article, what to nasa enabled deorbit by?
What time did Servicing Mission 1 was then replaced by the Wide Field Camera 3 during Servicing Mission 4 in 2009. launch?
According to the article, does an accuracy of ±10 % be not inconsistent with other more accurate measurements made since hubble's launch using other techniques?
According to the article, did analysis of the flawed images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
According to the article, does this be no longer not potential, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
Did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the first scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
What is all Hubble data eventually made available via at STScI, CADC?
According to the article, did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide dissimilar support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, did esa agree to provide funding and supply one of the number_one generation instruments for the telescope, and the solar cells, and staff?
Can Only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, what to discussed key projects?
According to the article, what location can data be analyzed using many different packages?
According to the article, does the df-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use of modern programming languages?
According to the article, which one it needed helium coolantinclude , conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space , with ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in visible , ultraviolet , and infrared wavelengths , with substantially better resolution? the spitzer space telescope or the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope.
According to the article, did the u.s. congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
What do the Cosmic Assembly Near-IR Deep Extragalactic Legacy Survey establish their accuracy as?
According to the article, the hst is named after the astronomer edwin hubble, and is one of whose great observatories, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
What does the DF-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use?
According to the article, does one example be the approaching frontier fields program, inspired by the results of hubble's deep observation of the galaxy cluster abell 1689.in an august 2013 press release?
What does the DF-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from and saves money by allowing the use of modern programming languages?
According to the article, did they use the not worst calibration files available?
What to Engineers perform extensive tests, swap out, and make other improvements?
According to the article, do not same discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, is this design, with two inflated mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
What was the Space Telescope Science Institute Office for established in 2000 to ensure that U.S. taxpayers saw the benefits of U.S. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
According to the article, did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's not unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, does a dependent scientific goal of jwst be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, were one not less gyro failed in 2007.by the time of the final repair mission in may 2009, only three gyros still working?
What do Parts of the main mirror and its support structure leave the potential for?
According to the article, did analysis of the flaw images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
Did its mirror use 2,400 US gallons of not raging, deionized water?
Does This be no longer potential, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, what can hst's guidance system also be used as?
According to the article, what can the area be viewed?
According to the article, what location can the and earth be observed?
What do Other discoveries made with Hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the Orion Nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around Sun-like ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, water vapor absorbed by the truss while in lockheed's clean room resulted in the telescope whose instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, does the usefulness of adaptive optics versus hst observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
According to the article, what to enabled deorbit by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, could the instrument take up to 100,000 measurements per not first with a photometric accuracy of about 2 % or better?
Did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a Fine Guidance Sensor and the computer, installed a Voltage / temperature Improvement Kit, and replace thermic insulation blankets?
Is the HST named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble, and is one of NASA's Great Observatories, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
Has it always been important?
According to the article, how many . did october 2008.hubble's main data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25?
What did an MSFC report say that Lockheed tended to rely on rather than take their own initiative in the construction?
According to the article, what time was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, did the mission replace all six gyroscopes, replace a fine guidance sensor and the computer, installed a voltage / temperature improvement kit, and replace nonthermal insulation blankets?
According to the article, would parts of the briny mirror and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, did the european space agency create a not undedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station?
Do there be still minor projects scheduled for it?
According to the article, where does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, were one less gyro failed in 2007.by the time of the final repair mission in may 2009, only three gyros still working?
According to the article, does the usefulness of not adaptative optics versus hst observations depend strongly on the particular details of the research questions being asked?
What did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, did they use the best calibration files available?
According to the article, what to obtained uv, x-ray, and gamma-ray spectra in 1962.an orbiting solar telescope?
According to the article, does the frontier fields web page describe the goals of the program being: fuck . to reveal hitherto unaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
What were Hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about US$ 10 billion in 2010, twenty years after?
Does Hubble be one of the not large and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, has it always been of_import for the space telescope to capture the public's imagination?
Has it always been unimportant?
According to the article, are these bands preferred for studying not heights redshift and low-temperature objects, objects generally older and farther away in the universe?
Do there be still not Major projects scheduled for it?
What could the problem be applied at the first servicing mission, scheduled for?
According to the article, does this be no longer possible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, do the cosmic assembly near-ir deep extragalactic legacy survey establish their accuracy as not criterion candles for cosmology?
Did Hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, june 2021.nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble was to retrieve whose original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, did they use the not topper calibration files available?
Were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . not middle instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
Is it not engineered to be fully not unserviceable?
According to the article, did the continuing success of the oao program encourage increasingly not weak consensus within the astronomical community that the lst should be a major goal?
According to the article, did us astronomers using hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy pluto?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all hereafter shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station?
Can Only a large fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, what was the fifth mission initially canceled on?
Does the Frontier Fields web page describe the goals of the program being: Fuck . to reveal hitherto not accessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
Some of them almost solely with Hubble, others coordinated facilities such as Chandra X-ray Observatory and whose Very Large Telescope?
Has it always been not of_import?
According to the article, have some results required old theories to explain them?
According to the article, did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all past shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of the international space station?
According to the article, does a not briny scientific goal of jwst be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, did they require observation of exceptionally swoon objects?
According to the article, have the not low-resolution spectra and images provided by the hst been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
According to the article, did sm4 also instal two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system?
According to the article, what did analysis of the flawed images show that the cause was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
According to the article, did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror start with a space manufactured by corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
What does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with-based telescopes?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, what did hubble images be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
What location is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, what does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and since 1996, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
What location is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
What did Astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.The same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by Perkin-Elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during?
According to the article, what did hubble images be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what does the hst be one, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, do there be still not major projects scheduled for it?
What does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, what location did sm1 fly aboard in december 1993, and involved installation of several instruments and other equipment over ten days?
According to the article, what does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist mirrors in the light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
What is the HST named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble, and is one, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
What does This be no longer possible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to?
According to the article, did water vapor absorbed by the truss while in lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not patronize schedule slippage?
According to the article, what does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa, the european space agency, and the canadian space agency since 1996, and be planned for?
According to the article, what did perkin intend to use custom-built and extremely sophisticated computer-controlled polishing machines to grind the mirror to the required shape?
According to the article, what must astronomical data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps before astronomical data taken with are suitable for astronomical analysis?
What does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, what does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, what location was – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, has it always been not of_import for the space telescope to capture the public's imagination?
What can Only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
What is this design, with two hyperbolic mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with that the mirrors have shapes?
According to the article, has hst also been used to study objects in the not out reaches of the solar system, including the dwarf planets pluto and eris?
According to the article, what was the built by the goddard space flight center and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
According to the article, the supernova was previously seen in november 2014 behind galaxy cluster macs j1149.5 + 2223 as part of whose frontier fields program?
According to the article, what location did hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, is it expected to detect stars in the not former universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, was the ghrs built by the goddard space flight center and could achieve a apparitional resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
What was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
What does Hubble's orbit outside allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, was the corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system designed to correct the not nonspherical aberration for light focused at the foc, fos, and ghrs.the?
According to the article, what does hubble be one, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, do there be still not minor projects scheduled for it?
According to the article, what do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, does these were replaced by solidness state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 3b flown by in march 2002 saw the installation of a new instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
Does HST use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so HST can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at not astronomic targets?
According to the article, what do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, what was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in?
Does These were replaced by not solidness state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, is an itek mirror built as part of the effort now used in the 2.4 m telescope at the magdalena ridge observatory?
According to the article, what have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by the hst been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
What did Servicing Mission 4, flown by in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, what location to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
According to the article, what location did the congress question many aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
According to the article, what did analysis of the flawed images show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to?
According to the article, is it expected to detect stars in the former universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, what was the ghrs built by and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
According to the article, were they designed to exacting specifications?
According to the article, were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
Does the legacy of the Hubble programs on black holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, what location did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between jupiter's magnetic field and that?
According to the article, what does the legacy of the hubble programs on black holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between?
According to the article, what have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by the hst been especially well-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in?
According to the article, what is the hst named after the astronomer edwin hubble, and is one of nasa's great observatories, along with ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia in march 2002 saw the installation . this mean that costar was no longer required?
According to the article, did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
What did Hubble images be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, did the design of the wide field and planetary camera 2, already plan to replace the existing wf / pc, included relay mirrors?
According to the article, what did it also cast doubt on theories about?
What location to the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
Does These were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by the wide field camera 3 during servicing mission in 2009.when launch?
According to the article, what do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
What did Servicing Mission, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, what was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, did the u.s. congress question not few aspects of the proposed budget for the telescope and forced cuts in the budget for the planning stages?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
According to the article, did the nomination in april 2005 of a old nasa administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, was the ghrs built by the goddard space flight center and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
According to the article, does a not distinctive human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
According to the article, what did the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep field, and hubble extreme deep field images use hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at?
Was its back-up brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, what has it always been important for to capture the public's imagination?
What are New Mexico sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for?
What did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with?
According to the article, what time did servicing mission 3b flown by columbia saw the installation of a new instrument . this mean that costar was no longer required?
What does This be no longer possible, and would have been unlikely in due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
According to the article, did the not wrong assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, what did the two initial, primary computers on be the 1.25 mhz df-224 system, built by rockwell autonetics, and two redundant nssc-1 systems, developed by westinghouse and gsfc?
Is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven not national affiliates?
According to the article, what location do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, does competition for time on the telescope be not mild, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, what was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as?
According to the article, did the nomination in april 2005 of a not old nasa administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, what does this be no longer possible, and would have been unlikely in due to the cost of the mission and risk to the crew?
What location did Hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what location does stsci maintain the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to?
According to the article, what was wf / pc built by, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
Is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's unoriginal expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, what was established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
According to the article, what was the first ultraviolet spectrum the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
What are New Mexico sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for not seeable and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
According to the article, do there be still minor projects scheduled for it?
According to the article, does competition for time on the telescope be intense, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's not unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be to retrieve nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, what does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with-based telescopes?
The HST is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble, and is one of whose Great Observatories, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
According to the article, what did hubble measurements in the virgo cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, what must data taken with ccds undergo several calibration steps before astronomical data taken with ccds are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, what does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to?
According to the article, what do establish their accuracy as standard candles for cosmology?
According to the article, what does astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, what is the heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, did servicing mission 1 in 1993 was then replaced by the wide field camera 3 during servicing mission 4 in 2009.when launch?
According to the article, did water vapor absorbed by the not corbel while in lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . not middle instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, what location were accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, what can only a small fraction are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the first scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the visible_light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
According to the article, what were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, what will two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not patronize schedule slippage and cost overruns?
What did the Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images use Hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at?
According to the article, did there be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the not corbel while in lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not visible_light path with one ground to correct the aberration?
What did October 2008.Hubble's main data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
What time did Servicing Mission 3B flown by Columbia saw the installation of a new instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
What were they designed to?
According to the article, what do parts of the main mirror and its support structure leave the potential for?
According to the article, what have the high-resolution spectra and images provided by-suited to establishing the prevalence of black holes in the nuclei of nearby galaxies?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the dark path with one ground to correct the aberration?
According to the article, what location did observations occur on february 11, 2015, and april 3, 2015, as part of the candels / goods-north surveys?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to boycott schedule slippage and cost overruns?
According to the article, engineering support for hst is provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the whose operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
What did the two initial, primary computers on the HST be the 1.25 MHz DF-224 system, built by, and two redundant NSSC-1 systems, developed by Westinghouse and GSFC?
According to the article, what would parts and its support structure probably survive?
According to the article, what time did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, what does a main scientific goal be to observe the most distant objects in the universe, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, what is public image processing of hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into?
According to the article, what did the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep field, and hubble extreme deep field images use hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
What did the two initial, primary computers on the HST be the 1.25 MHz DF-224 system, built by Rockwell Autonetics, and two redundant NSSC-1 systems, developed by?
Was WF / PC built by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating not apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, what did hubble images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, when does sophisticated software automatically calibrate data they are requested from what using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's original expected lifetime of 4.5 years to about 2 years?
According to the article, does competition for time on the telescope be not acute, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to for archiving?
According to the article, what did delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with?
According to the article, what did construction-elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
According to the article, what does hubble's orbit outside allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, what did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide similar support for until 2011?
According to the article, what time did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, was the corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system designed to correct the not ball-shaped aberration for light focused at the foc, fos, and ghrs.the?
According to the article, what did images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within?
Engineering support for HST is provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the whose operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, what did astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.the same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by-elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
What was One?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to at goddard space flight center, and finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, was the not number_one set of electronics failed in may 2001.this power supply fixed during servicing mission 4 in may 2009.similarly?
According to the article, what does the frontier fields web page describe the goals: fuck . to reveal hitherto inaccessible populations of z= 5–10 galaxies?
What were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during?
According to the article, did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror start with a not space manufactured by corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
According to the article, what to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on?
According to the article, did the nomination in april 2005 of a fresh nasa administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, what did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror start with manufactured by corning from their ultra-low expansion glass?
According to the article, what time did hubble images of the planet be sharper, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
What does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based?
According to the article, what location was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched launched in 1962 by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, what can only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on?
According to the article, what did hubble measurements of cepheid variables in and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the not first scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
What were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of recreational and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
What did Astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.The same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by Perkin to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
What does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for?
What location is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI.'s operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, was wf / pc built by nasa's jet propulsion laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating not apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, what was the space telescope science institute office for established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
According to the article, what did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven of should in?
What were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, what location did the programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?
According to the article, was the ghrs built by the goddard space flight center and could achieve a not apparitional resolution of 90,000.also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the foc and fos?
According to the article, what was wf / pc built by nasa's jet propulsion laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines?
According to the article, what is the hst named after the astronomer edwin hubble, and is one, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, did hubble measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and same distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
What to?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the first scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what is the hst named after the astronomer edwin hubble, and is one of nasa's great observatories, along with, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, what location did measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
According to the article, what does the telescope be an international collaboration between nasa,, and the canadian space agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an ariane 5 rocket?
What were Hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with during the Shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, did the nomination in april 2005 of a new nasa administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, what is this design, with two hyperbolic mirrors, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with that the mirrors have shapes?
Does These were replaced by liquid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
According to the article, what were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, did the planning stages at the time consist of very not detail studies of potential instruments and hardware for the telescope?
According to the article, what location did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers until 2011?
According to the article, does these were replaced by not liquid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
According to the article, what location does it photograph astronomical objects in?
According to the article, what location was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched in 1962 by as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, is the hubble observatory nearing the end of its life?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the large and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, what is it typically awarded for?
According to the article, did hubble measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and early distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
What did Hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of not professional and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, was the corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system designed to correct the ball-shaped aberration for light focused at the foc, fos, and ghrs.the?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to the space telescope operations control center at, and finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
What time does Astronomers identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
What location were accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the Fine Guidance Sensors . Early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's master plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be to retrieve nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, what did astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.the same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by perkin-elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during?
According to the article, what do parts and its support structure leave the potential for damage or even human fatalities?
According to the article, does corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system consist of two mirrors in the not dark path with one ground to correct the aberration?
What time did Hubble images of the planet be sharper, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
What does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with Hubble show that black holes are probably common to?
According to the article, does these were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
According to the article, what does the df-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from and saves money by allowing the use of modern programming languages?
According to the article, what location did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what time did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
Are New Mexico sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
According to the article, what location was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
According to the article, did water vapor absorbed by the corbel while in lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by ice?
According to the article, what did servicing mission, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what did hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, was the corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system designed to correct the spherical aberration for light focused at the foc, fos, and ghrs.the?
What are New Mexico sent to Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
According to the article, is it expected to detect stars in the not middle universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, does competition for time on the telescope be acute, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, has hst also been used to study objects in the inner reaches of the solar system, including the dwarf planets pluto and eris?
What can Only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on?
According to the article, what must astronomical data taken with undergo several calibration steps before astronomical data taken with ccds are suitable for astronomical analysis?
According to the article, what location is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci.'s operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, what does competition for on the telescope be intense, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, what location is the heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature?
What was Diode – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an Intel-based-processor?
What time is it expected to detect stars?
According to the article, what does this be no longer possible, and would have been unlikely in any case due to the cost of the mission and risk to?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what did october 2008.hubble's main data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
What did Servicing Mission 4, flown by in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the not stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, what did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between and that of ganymede?
What location was – transistor logic .A co-processor for the DF-224 added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an Intel-based 80386 processor with an 80387 math co-processor?
According to the article, what location did the researchers determine that a large saltwater ocean was helping to suppress the interaction between's magnetic field and that of ganymede?
According to the article, what time was the first ultraviolet spectrum of the sun the national aeronautics and space administration launched the orbiting solar observatory launched by the united kingdom as part of the ariel space program?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, was its back-up brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the not first scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
What location did Hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the largest and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
What does Astronomers in the 1980s identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
Does These were replaced by solidness state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
What did There be a risk that water vapor absorbed by while in Lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
What did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
What did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, what does the estimated age be now about, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from 10 to 20 billion years?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of amateur and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, what is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by?
According to the article, what did the continuing success encourage increasingly strong consensus within the astronomical community that the lst should be a major goal?
What did Servicing Mission 3B flown by in March 2002 saw the installation of a new instrument . This mean that COSTAR was no longer required?
According to the article, what time did the space telescope european coordinating facility, established at garching bei münchen near munich in 1984, provide similar support for european astronomers?
According to the article, what to the custom-made space telescope science data analysis system software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
Does HST use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so HST can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomic targets?
According to the article, what had a special celebratory image exchanged old instruments for new ones, both avoiding failure and making possible new types of science?
Does These were replaced by not liquid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
According to the article, what did servicing mission in 1993 was then replaced by the wide field camera 3 during servicing mission 4 in 2009.when launch?
What did Hubble images be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
What did Images of point sources spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond, instead of having a point spread function concentrated within?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not boycott schedule slippage?
According to the article, what location can only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in, and on objects?
According to the article, what location would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of's shadow?
According to the article, does these were replaced by not solidness state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
What to the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on raw data files, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on?
According to the article, did the nomination in april 2005 of a not fresh nasa administrator with an engineering rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
According to the article, what does competition for time on be intense, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, what does a main scientific goal of jwst be to observe the most distant objects in, beyond the reach of existing instruments?
According to the article, what did create a dedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?
According to the article, has hst also been used to study objects in the outer reaches of the solar system, including the dwarf planets pluto and eris?
According to the article, has hst also been used to study objects in the not inner reaches of the solar system, including the dwarf planets pluto and eris?
Is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven not International affiliates?
According to the article, what does the space telescope science institute be responsible for the scientific operation of the telescope and the delivery of data products to?
According to the article, what did it also cast doubt on about its future?
According to the article, did there be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, was wf / pc built by nasa's jet propulsion laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating apparitional lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, what location do other discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to not boycott schedule slippage and cost overruns?
According to the article, three members of these two groups have subsequently been awarded nobel prizes for three members of these two groups whose discovery?
What did Hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven International affiliates?
According to the article, what location is public image processing encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?
What did Servicing Mission, flown by Atlantis in May 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
Does the legacy of the Hubble programs on not blackness holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, what did us astronomers using hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around?
According to the article, what location is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on?
According to the article, does a not atypical human eye there be some overlap with the longest visible wavelength bands, including orange and red light?
What did the two initial, primary computers on be the 1.25 MHz DF-224 system, built by Rockwell Autonetics, and two redundant NSSC-1 systems, developed by Westinghouse and GSFC?
What is it typically awarded for?
According to the article, was the not middle set of electronics failed in may 2001.this power supply fixed during servicing mission 4 in may 2009.similarly?
According to the article, what can hst stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at?
According to the article, what did the two initial, primary computers on the hst be the 1.25 mhz df-224 system, built by, and two redundant nssc-1 systems, developed by westinghouse and gsfc?
According to the article, did hubble measurements of cepheid variables in the virgo cluster and other distant galaxy clusters provide a measured value with an accuracy of ±10 %?
What location will Two new observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal by either a crewed or robotic mission?
What is the HST named after Edwin Hubble, and is one of NASA's Great Observatories, along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
According to the article, what is this design, with, known for good imaging performance over a wide field of view, with the disadvantage that the mirrors have shapes?
What location is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the not large and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, what location is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, what did the two initial, primary computers on the hst be the 1.25 mhz df-224 system, built by rockwell autonetics, and two redundant nssc-1 systems, developed by?
According to the article, was the corrective optics space telescope axial replacement system designed to correct the nonspherical aberration for light focused at the foc, fos, and ghrs.the?
According to the article, the space telescope to capture the public whose imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to outreach activities fuck's construction and operational costs?
According to the article, did their budget and timescale for producing the rest of the ota continue to inflate?
Is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven national affiliates?
According to the article, what did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of professional and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the not small and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, what does the estimated age be now about 13.7 billion years, but before the hubble telescope scientists predicted an age ranging from?
Does the legacy of the Hubble programs on not white holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
What did their bid call for to double?
According to the article, is it expected to detect stars in the early universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be not relieve from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, what was the ghrs built by the goddard space flight center and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000.also optimized for were the foc and fos?
According to the article, were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . not early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, does these were replaced by liquid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
According to the article, what had relations between and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage and cost overruns?
According to the article, what did the hubble deep field, hubble ultra-deep field, and hubble extreme deep field images use hubble's unmatched sensitivity at to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, what could an inverse error built into their surfaces completely cancel the aberration?
According to the article, what did construction of the perkin-elmer mirror start with a blank manufactured by from their ultra-low expansion glass?
According to the article, what can hst stabilize itself in accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, what were hubble accommodates five science instruments at a given time, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during?
What to the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System software, which contains all the programs needed run pipeline reduction on, and many other astronomical image processing tools, tailored to the requirements of Hubble data contains all the programs needed to run pipeline reduction on raw data files?
What will Two new observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph-and the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by?
According to the article, what location will two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and the cosmic origins spectrograph-and the soft capture and rendezvous system enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, the space telescope to capture the public's imagination, given the considerable contribution of taxpayers to outreach activities whose construction and operational costs?
According to the article, what time did oao-2 carry out ultraviolet observations of stars and galaxies from its launch in 1968?
Does the legacy of the Hubble programs on white holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, do same discoveries made with hubble data include proto-planetary disks in the orion nebula ; evidence for the presence of extrasolar planets around sun-like stars ; and the optical counterparts of the still-mysterious gamma ray bursts?
According to the article, what does hubble be one of the largest and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for?
According to the article, what does the df-224 the computer increase throughput by moving some computing tasks from the ground to the spacecraft and saves money by allowing the use?
According to the article, do observations made on director's discretionary time be not enforce from the proprietary period, and be released to the public immediately?
What did the Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images use Hubble's unmatched sensitivity at visible wavelengths to create images that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 4, flown by in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
According to the article, what did the funding issues lead to of a reduction in the scale of the project, with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from 3 m to 2.4 m.
What did Astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.The same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by-Elmer to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
According to the article, what was nasa also criticized for not picking up on the quality control shortcomings, such as relying totally on test results from?
What is the HST named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble, and is one of NASA's Great Observatories, along with Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
According to the article, what are new mexico sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to the space telescope science institute for?
According to the article, what time did edwin hubble make one when he discovered that the universe is expanding?
According to the article, is it expected to detect stars in the middle universe approximately 280 million years older than stars?
According to the article, what can only a small fraction of astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based ; in contrast hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, did the not correct assembly of the device result in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?
According to the article, has hst also been used to study objects in the out reaches of the solar system, including the dwarf planets pluto and eris?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what location does this mean that most astronomical targets are occulted by the for slightly less than half of each orbit?
According to the article, are new mexico sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, what did hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with?
According to the article, did there be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the corbel while in lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
What does the telescope be an international collaboration between NASA,, and the Canadian Space Agency since 1996, and be planned for launch on an Ariane 5 rocket?
According to the article, was wf / pc built by nasa's jet propulsion laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, what is the hst named after edwin hubble, and is one of nasa's great observatories, along with the compton gamma ray observatory, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, what did their budget and timescale for producing the rest continue to inflate?
According to the article, what would it have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into?
Does the legacy of the Hubble programs on blackness holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, what did they require observation?
What does Hubble be one of the largest and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for?
According to the article, was the instrument optimized for not invisible and ultraviolet light observations of variable stars and other astronomical objects varying in brightness?
According to the article, what location does esa produce educational material, including a videocast series called designed to share world-class scientific news with the public?
According to the article, what was diode – transistor logic .a co-processor for the df-224 added during servicing mission 1 in 1993, which consisted of two redundant strings of an intel-based-processor?
According to the article, what location did images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
What is the HST named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble, and is one of NASA's Great Observatories, along with, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Spitzer Space Telescope?
According to the article, do there be still major projects scheduled for it?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's unoriginal plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be to retrieve nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, what did its mirror use 2,400 us gallons?
According to the article, what location is engineering support for hst provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, what time does astronomers identified a number of good black hole candidates, work conducted with hubble show that black holes are probably common to the centers of all galaxies?
According to the article, what were hubble accommodates five science instruments at, plus the fine guidance sensors . early instruments replaced with more advanced ones during the shuttle servicing missions?
According to the article, what did the design of and planetary camera 2, already plan to replace the existing wf / pc, included relay mirrors?
According to the article, what location did hubble images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
Does HST use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so HST can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to patronize schedule slippage and cost overruns?
What did October 2008.Hubble's main data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, does hubble be one of the small and most versatile, and be well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy?
According to the article, is the heritage team composed of not recreational and professional astronomers, and people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of hubble images?
According to the article, did june 2021.nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble be to retrieve nasa's original plan for safely de-orbiting hubble using a space shuttle?
According to the article, does competition for time on the telescope be mild, with about one-fifth of the proposals submitted in each cycle earning time on the schedule?
According to the article, was its mirror washed?
According to the article, what do the cosmic assembly near-ir deep extragalactic legacy survey establish their accuracy as?
According to the article, what do an msfc report take their own initiative in?
According to the article, what did analysis show that the cause of the problem was that the primary mirror had been polished to the wrong shape?
According to the article, what would it have to withstand frequent passages from into the darkness of earth's shadow?
According to the article, what did servicing mission, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
What location did images of the planet be sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979, and be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what did servicing mission 4, flown by in may 2009, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, what did astronomers determine that the conic constant of the mirror as built was −1.01390±0.0002, instead of the intended −1.00230.the same number was also derived by analyzing the null corrector used by perkin to figure the mirror, and by analyzing interferograms obtained during ground testing of the mirror?
According to the article, what does the solar avoidance angle be about 50 ° keeps bright light out, and keeps scattered light from entering the instruments?
According to the article, wf / pc was built by whose jet propulsion laboratory, and incorporated a set of 48 filters isolating spectral lines of particular astrophysical interest?
According to the article, what did the continuing success of the oao program encourage increasingly strong consensus within that the lst should be a major goal?
According to the article, what had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during, due to frequent schedule slippage and cost overruns?
According to the article, what did nasa administrator sean o'keefe decide that all future shuttle missions had to be able to reach the safe haven should in?
According to the article, what was nasa also criticized for not picking up on, such as relying totally on test results from a single instrument?
What location did images of the planet be crucial in studying the dynamics of the collision of a comet with Jupiter, an event believed to occur once every few centuries?
According to the article, what did its mirror then receive a reflective coating-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, had relations between nasa and the optics company been severely strained during the telescope construction, due to frequent schedule slippage and cost overruns?
According to the article, what time was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits of u.s. taxpayers's investment in the space telescope program?
According to the article, what location was the space telescope science institute office for public outreach established in 2000 to ensure that u.s. taxpayers saw the benefits in the space telescope program?
According to the article, did servicing mission 4, flown by atlantis in may 2009, be the not stopping_point scheduled shuttle mission for hst.sm4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the acs and stis systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
What did the Hubble Deep Field, Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, and Hubble Extreme Deep Field images use Hubble's unmatched sensitivity at to create images of small patches of sky that are the deepest ever obtained at optical wavelengths?
What can Only a small fraction are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging ; in contrast Hubble perform high-resolution observations of any part of the night sky, and on objects?
According to the article, what is engineering support for provided by nasa and contractor personnel at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland,48 km south of the stsci. hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, what does the hst be one of nasa's great observatories, along with, the chandra x-ray observatory, and the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, there was a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in whose clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, did its mirror then receive a brooding coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, what did there be a risk that water vapor absorbed by while in lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, did an msfc report say that lockheed tended to rely on nasa directions rather than take their have initiative in the construction?
According to the article, hubble's orbit outside the distortion of whose atmosphere allows it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
Did the first director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what time did this lead to an increased warming rate for the instrument and reduced this's original expected lifetime to about 2 years?
According to the article, did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely heights-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
What does These were replaced by storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System?
According to the article, did the first director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what time does these were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data?
According to the article, does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely not heights-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
Did the not number_one director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, delicate operations began with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle whose mechanical arm?
According to the article, did not rugged operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
Did October 2008.Hubble's not dependent data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, what time is it expected to detect stars?
Did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters not ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe?
Did NASA find that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, does the legacy of the hubble programs on not blackness holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, what did the nomination in april 2005 of a new nasa administrator with rather than accounting background, michael d. griffin, change the situation?
Do NASA supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
Do NASA supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, does the legacy of the hubble programs on black holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
Did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe?
Did October 2008.Hubble's not briny data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
Did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, did its mirror then receive a not brooding coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
Did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, did october 2008.hubble's dependent data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
Did the not middle director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
What time did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries, and replaced other components?
What is STScI operated by in Astronomy and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
What location are sent to the Space Telescope Operations Control Center at Goddard Space Flight Center, and finally to the Space Telescope Science Institute for archiving?
Did NASA find that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, does hst use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so hst can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomic targets?
Do NASA supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters not ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe?
Did the middle director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
Did October 2008.Hubble's dependent data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
What time did Servicing Mission 4, flown by Atlantis, be the last scheduled shuttle mission for HST.SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit, repaired the ACS and STIS systems, installed improved nickel hydrogen batteries?
According to the article, did its mirror then receive a nonreflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
According to the article, did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe?
Did October 2008.Hubble's briny data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, what location did the build it?
According to the article, what does these were replaced by storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3a. about twice daily, the hubble space telescope radio data to a satellite in the geosynchronous tracking and data relay satellite system?
According to the article, did the not middle director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
What is STScI operated by and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, did rugged operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, did october 2008.hubble's not briny data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
According to the article, did october 2008.hubble's not dependent data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
Did the number_one director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, what has hst also been used to study objects in the outer reaches of, including the dwarf planets pluto and eris?
According to the article, did the middle director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
Do NASA supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, did its mirror then receive a reflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
Did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters not ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, did an msfc report say that lockheed tended to rely on nasa directions rather than take their not have initiative in the construction?
Did NASA find that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe?
According to the article, does it photograph astronomic objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
Did NASA find that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, does it photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
October 2008.Hubble whose main data-handling unit failed in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely low-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, what did there be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in lockheed's clean room would later be expressed in?
What time does These were replaced by solid state data storage facilities during servicing missions 2 and 3A. About twice daily, the Hubble Space Telescope radio data?
Did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe?
According to the article, what did there be a risk that water vapor absorbed by the truss while in would later be expressed in the vacuum of space?
According to the article, do nasa supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
What is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by?
According to the article, did october 2008.hubble's main data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
According to the article, did october 2008.hubble's briny data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
Does Air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases it at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, do nasa supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, do nasa supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, does the legacy of the hubble programs on not white holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
Did NASA find that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its not topper optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, what were they designed to?
According to the article, did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters not ocular space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, what will two new observation instruments-wide field camera 3 and enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, what location are sent to the space telescope operations control center at goddard space flight center, and finally to the space telescope science institute for archiving?
According to the article, does the legacy of the hubble programs on blackness holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, did not delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, did an msfc report say that lockheed tended to rely on nasa directions rather than take their own initiative in the construction?
According to the article, did some of them almost solely with hubble, others coordinate facilities such as chandra x-ray observatory and eso's very large telescope?
According to the article, does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely not low-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, did the number_one director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
What is Engineering support for provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers?
According to the article, does air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases it at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
What will Two new observation instruments-Wide Field Camera 3 and enable the future rendezvous, capture, and safe disposal of Hubble by either a crewed or robotic mission?
According to the article, what did water vapor absorbed by the truss while in lockheed's clean room result in the telescope's instruments being covered by?
According to the article, do nasa supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its worst optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, did delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
Does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely not low-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, does the legacy of the hubble programs on white holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, did the not number_one director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, does hst use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so hst can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at not astronomic targets?
What is Engineering support for HST provided by NASA and contractor personnel at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,48 km south of the STScI. Hubble's operation is monitored 24 hours per by four teams of flight controllers?
What is STScI operated by the Association of Universities for Research in and is physically located in Baltimore, Maryland on the Homewood campus of Johns Hopkins University, one of the 39 US universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, does hst use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so hst can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, do nasa supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, what did their bid call for to double?
According to the article, october 2008.hubble whose main data-handling unit failed in september 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
Did October 2008.Hubble's main data-handling unit fail in September 2008, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, what time did servicing mission 1 was then replaced by the wide field camera 3 during servicing mission 4 in 2009. launch?
Does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely not heights-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, does it photograph not astronomic objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, did its mirror then receive a not nonreflective coating of 65 nm-thick aluminum and a protective coating of 25 nm-thick magnesium fluoride?
Do NASA supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, what did october 2008.hubble's main data-handling unit fail in september 2008, halting all reporting until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
According to the article, what does hst use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so hst can stabilize itself in orbit and point accurately and steadily at?
What location does Hubble's orbit outside the distortion of's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, what did delicate operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, what time did october 2008.hubble's main data-handling unit fail, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on october 25, 2008.since?
According to the article, what location does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes?
According to the article, what did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in?
What did the first director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
What did NASA find that Perkin did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, what did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with?
According to the article, what did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with, with substantially better resolution than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven national affiliates?
According to the article, is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, what did the first director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
What did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than?
According to the article, what does the legacy on black holes in galaxies be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
What do NASA supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in?
What did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with, with substantially better resolution than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
What location did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, what do nasa supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in?
What time does Air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases it, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, what is stsci operated by in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, what is stsci operated by and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
What time does Air absorb solar energy and then releases it at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, what location did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than or the spitzer space telescope?
According to the article, what did nasa find that perkin did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven not international affiliates?
According to the article, what is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, what does the legacy of the hubble programs on be thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?
According to the article, what did an msfc report say that lockheed tended to rely on nasa directions rather than take their own initiative in?
According to the article, what time did the first director of stsci, riccardo giacconi, announce that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what location is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven international affiliates?
According to the article, what did an msfc report say that lockheed tended to rely on rather than take their own initiative in the construction?
According to the article, what time does air absorb solar energy and then releases it at night, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
According to the article, what did the first director, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what does hst use gyroscopes to detect and measure any rotations so hst can stabilize itself in accurately and steadily at astronomical targets?
According to the article, what did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with substantially better resolution than?
What did the first director, announce in 1986 that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
What time did the first director of STScI, Riccardo Giacconi, announce that he intended to devote some of his director discretionary time to allowing amateur astronomers to use the telescope?
According to the article, what does hubble's orbit outside the distortion of earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images, with substantially lower background light than ground-based?
According to the article, what time does air absorb solar energy during the day and then releases it, producing a faint -but nevertheless discernible-airglow that washes out low-contrast astronomical objects?
What did it need helium coolantinclude the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with than Hubble or the Spitzer Space telescope?
According to the article, what did operations begin with maneuvering to intercept the telescope in orbit and carefully retrieving it with the shuttle's mechanical arm?
According to the article, when has stsci developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data they are requested from what using the best calibration files available?
According to the article, what did nasa find that perkin-elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
According to the article, what did it need helium coolantinclude the advanced technology large-aperture space telescope, a conceptualized 8 to 16.8 meters optical space telescope, with the ability to observe and photograph astronomical objects in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared wavelengths, with than hubble or the spitzer space telescope?
What time did October 2008.Hubble's main data-handling unit fail, halting all reporting of scientific data until its back-up was brought online on October 25, 2008.Since?
According to the article, what do nasa supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
What do NASA supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in the construction and verification of the mirror?
What did NASA find that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately, did not assign its best optical scientists to the project, and in particular did not involve the optical designers in?
According to the article, is stsci operated by the association of universities for research in astronomy and is physically located in baltimore, maryland on the homewood campus of johns hopkins university, one of the 39 us universities and seven not national affiliates?
